runway zero one
runway zero two
runway zero three
runway zero four
runway zero five
runway zero six
runway zero seven
runway zero eight
runway zero nine
runway one zero
runway one one
runway one two
runway one three
runway one four
runway one five
runway one six
runway one seven
runway one eight
runway one nine
runway two zero
runway two one
runway two two
runway two three
runway two four
runway two five
runway two six
runway two seven
runway two eight
runway two nine
runway three zero
runway three one
runway three two
runway three three
runway three four
runway three five
runway three six
runway one left
runway one right
runway one center
runway two left
runway two right
runway two center
runway three left
runway three right
runway three center
runway four left
runway four right
runway four center
runway five left
runway five right
runway five center
runway six left
runway six right
runway six center
runway seven left
runway seven right
runway seven center
runway eight left
runway eight right
runway eight center
runway nine left
runway nine right
runway nine center
runway one one left
runway one one right
runway one one center
runway one two left
runway one two right
runway one two center
runway one three left
runway one three right
runway one three center
runway one four left
runway one four right
runway one four center
runway one five left
runway one five right
runway one five center
runway one six left
runway one six right
runway one six center
runway one seven left
runway one seven right
runway one seven center
runway one eight left
runway one eight right
runway one eight center
runway one nine left
runway one nine right
runway one nine center
runway two zero left
runway two zero right
runway two zero center
runway two one left
runway two one right
runway two one center
runway two two left
runway two two right
runway two two center
runway two three left
runway two three right
runway two three center
runway two four left
runway two four right
runway two four center
runway two five left
runway two five right
runway two five center
runway two six left
runway two six right
runway two six center
runway two seven left
runway two seven right
runway two seven center
runway two eight left
runway two eight right
runway two eight center
runway two nine left
runway two nine right
runway two nine center
runway three zero left
runway three zero right
runway three zero center
runway three one left
runway three one right
runway three one center
runway three two left
runway three two right
runway three two center
runway three three left
runway three three right
runway three three center
runway three four left
runway three four right
runway three four center
runway three five left
runway three five right
runway three five center
runway three six left
runway three six right
runway three six center
runway zero one
runway zero two
runway zero three
runway zero four
runway zero five
runway zero six
runway zero seven
runway zero eight
runway zero nine
runway one zero
runway one one
runway one two
runway one three
runway one four
runway one five
runway one six
runway one seven
runway one eight
runway one nine
runway two zero
runway two one
runway two two
runway two three
runway two four
runway two five
runway two six
runway two seven
runway two eight
runway two nine
runway three zero
runway three one
runway three two
runway three three
runway three four
runway three five
runway three six
runway one left
runway one right
runway one center
runway two left
runway two right
runway two center
runway three left
runway three right
runway three center
runway four left
runway four right
runway four center
runway five left
runway five right
runway five center
runway six left
runway six right
runway six center
runway seven left
runway seven right
runway seven center
runway eight left
runway eight right
runway eight center
runway nine left
runway nine right
runway nine center
runway one one left
runway one one right
runway one one center
runway one two left
runway one two right
runway one two center
runway one three left
runway one three right
runway one three center
runway one four left
runway one four right
runway one four center
runway one five left
runway one five right
runway one five center
runway one six left
runway one six right
runway one six center
runway one seven left
runway one seven right
runway one seven center
runway one eight left
runway one eight right
runway one eight center
runway one nine left
runway one nine right
runway one nine center
runway two zero left
runway two zero right
runway two zero center
runway two one left
runway two one right
runway two one center
runway two two left
runway two two right
runway two two center
runway two three left
runway two three right
runway two three center
runway two four left
runway two four right
runway two four center
runway two five left
runway two five right
runway two five center
runway two six left
runway two six right
runway two six center
runway two seven left
runway two seven right
runway two seven center
runway two eight left
runway two eight right
runway two eight center
runway two nine left
runway two nine right
runway two nine center
runway three zero left
runway three zero right
runway three zero center
runway three one left
runway three one right
runway three one center
runway three two left
runway three two right
runway three two center
runway three three left
runway three three right
runway three three center
runway three four left
runway three four right
runway three four center
runway three five left
runway three five right
runway three five center
runway three six left
runway three six right
runway three six center
runway zero one
runway zero two
runway zero three
runway zero four
runway zero five
runway zero six
runway zero seven
runway zero eight
runway zero nine
runway one zero
runway one one
runway one two
runway one three
runway one four
runway one five
runway one six
runway one seven
runway one eight
runway one nine
runway two zero
runway two one
runway two two
runway two three
runway two four
runway two five
runway two six
runway two seven
runway two eight
runway two nine
runway three zero
runway three one
runway three two
runway three three
runway three four
runway three five
runway three six
runway one left
runway one right
runway one center
runway two left
runway two right
runway two center
runway three left
runway three right
runway three center
runway four left
runway four right
runway four center
runway five left
runway five right
runway five center
runway six left
runway six right
runway six center
runway seven left
runway seven right
runway seven center
runway eight left
runway eight right
runway eight center
runway nine left
runway nine right
runway nine center
runway one one left
runway one one right
runway one one center
runway one two left
runway one two right
runway one two center
runway one three left
runway one three right
runway one three center
runway one four left
runway one four right
runway one four center
runway one five left
runway one five right
runway one five center
runway one six left
runway one six right
runway one six center
runway one seven left
runway one seven right
runway one seven center
runway one eight left
runway one eight right
runway one eight center
runway one nine left
runway one nine right
runway one nine center
runway two zero left
runway two zero right
runway two zero center
runway two one left
runway two one right
runway two one center
runway two two left
runway two two right
runway two two center
runway two three left
runway two three right
runway two three center
runway two four left
runway two four right
runway two four center
runway two five left
runway two five right
runway two five center
runway two six left
runway two six right
runway two six center
runway two seven left
runway two seven right
runway two seven center
runway two eight left
runway two eight right
runway two eight center
runway two nine left
runway two nine right
runway two nine center
runway three zero left
runway three zero right
runway three zero center
runway three one left
runway three one right
runway three one center
runway three two left
runway three two right
runway three two center
runway three three left
runway three three right
runway three three center
runway three four left
runway three four right
runway three four center
runway three five left
runway three five right
runway three five center
runway three six left
runway three six right
runway three six center
runway zero one
runway zero two
runway zero three
runway zero four
runway zero five
runway zero six
runway zero seven
runway zero eight
runway zero nine
runway one zero
runway one one
runway one two
runway one three
runway one four
runway one five
runway one six
runway one seven
runway one eight
runway one nine
runway two zero
runway two one
runway two two
runway two three
runway two four
runway two five
runway two six
runway two seven
runway two eight
runway two nine
runway three zero
runway three one
runway three two
runway three three
runway three four
runway three five
runway three six
runway one left
runway one right
runway one center
runway two left
runway two right
runway two center
runway three left
runway three right
runway three center
runway four left
runway four right
runway four center
runway five left
runway five right
runway five center
runway six left
runway six right
runway six center
runway seven left
runway seven right
runway seven center
runway eight left
runway eight right
runway eight center
runway nine left
runway nine right
runway nine center
runway one one left
runway one one right
runway one one center
runway one two left
runway one two right
runway one two center
runway one three left
runway one three right
runway one three center
runway one four left
runway one four right
runway one four center
runway one five left
runway one five right
runway one five center
runway one six left
runway one six right
runway one six center
runway one seven left
runway one seven right
runway one seven center
runway one eight left
runway one eight right
runway one eight center
runway one nine left
runway one nine right
runway one nine center
runway two zero left
runway two zero right
runway two zero center
runway two one left
runway two one right
runway two one center
runway two two left
runway two two right
runway two two center
runway two three left
runway two three right
runway two three center
runway two four left
runway two four right
runway two four center
runway two five left
runway two five right
runway two five center
runway two six left
runway two six right
runway two six center
runway two seven left
runway two seven right
runway two seven center
runway two eight left
runway two eight right
runway two eight center
runway two nine left
runway two nine right
runway two nine center
runway three zero left
runway three zero right
runway three zero center
runway three one left
runway three one right
runway three one center
runway three two left
runway three two right
runway three two center
runway three three left
runway three three right
runway three three center
runway three four left
runway three four right
runway three four center
runway three five left
runway three five right
runway three five center
runway three six left
runway three six right
runway three six center
runway zero one
runway zero two
runway zero three
runway zero four
runway zero five
runway zero six
runway zero seven
runway zero eight
runway zero nine
runway one zero
runway one one
runway one two
runway one three
runway one four
runway one five
runway one six
runway one seven
runway one eight
runway one nine
runway two zero
runway two one
runway two two
runway two three
runway two four
runway two five
runway two six
runway two seven
runway two eight
runway two nine
runway three zero
runway three one
runway three two
runway three three
runway three four
runway three five
runway three six
runway one left
runway one right
runway one center
runway two left
runway two right
runway two center
runway three left
runway three right
runway three center
runway four left
runway four right
runway four center
runway five left
runway five right
runway five center
runway six left
runway six right
runway six center
runway seven left
runway seven right
runway seven center
runway eight left
runway eight right
runway eight center
runway nine left
runway nine right
runway nine center
runway one one left
runway one one right
runway one one center
runway one two left
runway one two right
runway one two center
runway one three left
runway one three right
runway one three center
runway one four left
runway one four right
runway one four center
runway one five left
runway one five right
runway one five center
runway one six left
runway one six right
runway one six center
runway one seven left
runway one seven right
runway one seven center
runway one eight left
runway one eight right
runway one eight center
runway one nine left
runway one nine right
runway one nine center
runway two zero left
runway two zero right
runway two zero center
runway two one left
runway two one right
runway two one center
runway two two left
runway two two right
runway two two center
runway two three left
runway two three right
runway two three center
runway two four left
runway two four right
runway two four center
runway two five left
runway two five right
runway two five center
runway two six left
runway two six right
runway two six center
runway two seven left
runway two seven right
runway two seven center
runway two eight left
runway two eight right
runway two eight center
runway two nine left
runway two nine right
runway two nine center
runway three zero left
runway three zero right
runway three zero center
runway three one left
runway three one right
runway three one center
runway three two left
runway three two right
runway three two center
runway three three left
runway three three right
runway three three center
runway three four left
runway three four right
runway three four center
runway three five left
runway three five right
runway three five center
runway three six left
runway three six right
runway three six center
runway zero one
runway zero two
runway zero three
runway zero four
runway zero five
runway zero six
runway zero seven
runway zero eight
runway zero nine
runway one zero
runway one one
runway one two
runway one three
runway one four
runway one five
runway one six
runway one seven
runway one eight
runway one nine
runway two zero
runway two one
runway two two
runway two three
runway two four
runway two five
runway two six
runway two seven
runway two eight
runway two nine
runway three zero
runway three one
runway three two
runway three three
runway three four
runway three five
runway three six
runway one left
runway one right
runway one center
runway two left
runway two right
runway two center
runway three left
runway three right
runway three center
runway four left
runway four right
runway four center
runway five left
runway five right
runway five center
runway six left
runway six right
runway six center
runway seven left
runway seven right
runway seven center
runway eight left
runway eight right
runway eight center
runway nine left
runway nine right
runway nine center
runway one one left
runway one one right
runway one one center
runway one two left
runway one two right
runway one two center
runway one three left
runway one three right
runway one three center
runway one four left
runway one four right
runway one four center
runway one five left
runway one five right
runway one five center
runway one six left
runway one six right
runway one six center
runway one seven left
runway one seven right
runway one seven center
runway one eight left
runway one eight right
runway one eight center
runway one nine left
runway one nine right
runway one nine center
runway two zero left
runway two zero right
runway two zero center
runway two one left
runway two one right
runway two one center
runway two two left
runway two two right
runway two two center
runway two three left
runway two three right
runway two three center
runway two four left
runway two four right
runway two four center
runway two five left
runway two five right
runway two five center
runway two six left
runway two six right
runway two six center
runway two seven left
runway two seven right
runway two seven center
runway two eight left
runway two eight right
runway two eight center
runway two nine left
runway two nine right
runway two nine center
runway three zero left
runway three zero right
runway three zero center
runway three one left
runway three one right
runway three one center
runway three two left
runway three two right
runway three two center
runway three three left
runway three three right
runway three three center
runway three four left
runway three four right
runway three four center
runway three five left
runway three five right
runway three five center
runway three six left
runway three six right
runway three six center
runway zero one cleared for takeoff
runway zero two cleared for takeoff
runway zero three cleared for takeoff
runway zero four cleared for takeoff
runway zero five cleared for takeoff
runway zero six cleared for takeoff
runway zero seven cleared for takeoff
runway zero eight cleared for takeoff
runway zero nine cleared for takeoff
runway one zero cleared for takeoff
runway one one cleared for takeoff
runway one two cleared for takeoff
runway one three cleared for takeoff
runway one four cleared for takeoff
runway one five cleared for takeoff
runway one six cleared for takeoff
runway one seven cleared for takeoff
runway one eight cleared for takeoff
runway one nine cleared for takeoff
runway two zero cleared for takeoff
runway two one cleared for takeoff
runway two two cleared for takeoff
runway two three cleared for takeoff
runway two four cleared for takeoff
runway two five cleared for takeoff
runway two six cleared for takeoff
runway two seven cleared for takeoff
runway two eight cleared for takeoff
runway two nine cleared for takeoff
runway three zero cleared for takeoff
runway three one cleared for takeoff
runway three two cleared for takeoff
runway three three cleared for takeoff
runway three four cleared for takeoff
runway three five cleared for takeoff
runway three six cleared for takeoff
runway one left cleared for takeoff
runway one right cleared for takeoff
runway one center cleared for takeoff
runway two left cleared for takeoff
runway two right cleared for takeoff
runway two center cleared for takeoff
runway three left cleared for takeoff
runway three right cleared for takeoff
runway three center cleared for takeoff
runway four left cleared for takeoff
runway four right cleared for takeoff
runway four center cleared for takeoff
runway five left cleared for takeoff
runway five right cleared for takeoff
runway five center cleared for takeoff
runway six left cleared for takeoff
runway six right cleared for takeoff
runway six center cleared for takeoff
runway seven left cleared for takeoff
runway seven right cleared for takeoff
runway seven center cleared for takeoff
runway eight left cleared for takeoff
runway eight right cleared for takeoff
runway eight center cleared for takeoff
runway nine left cleared for takeoff
runway nine right cleared for takeoff
runway nine center cleared for takeoff
runway one one left cleared for takeoff
runway one one right cleared for takeoff
runway one one center cleared for takeoff
runway one two left cleared for takeoff
runway one two right cleared for takeoff
runway one two center cleared for takeoff
runway one three left cleared for takeoff
runway one three right cleared for takeoff
runway one three center cleared for takeoff
runway one four left cleared for takeoff
runway one four right cleared for takeoff
runway one four center cleared for takeoff
runway one five left cleared for takeoff
runway one five right cleared for takeoff
runway one five center cleared for takeoff
runway one six left cleared for takeoff
runway one six right cleared for takeoff
runway one six center cleared for takeoff
runway one seven left cleared for takeoff
runway one seven right cleared for takeoff
runway one seven center cleared for takeoff
runway one eight left cleared for takeoff
runway one eight right cleared for takeoff
runway one eight center cleared for takeoff
runway one nine left cleared for takeoff
runway one nine right cleared for takeoff
runway one nine center cleared for takeoff
runway two zero left cleared for takeoff
runway two zero right cleared for takeoff
runway two zero center cleared for takeoff
runway two one left cleared for takeoff
runway two one right cleared for takeoff
runway two one center cleared for takeoff
runway two two left cleared for takeoff
runway two two right cleared for takeoff
runway two two center cleared for takeoff
runway two three left cleared for takeoff
runway two three right cleared for takeoff
runway two three center cleared for takeoff
runway two four left cleared for takeoff
runway two four right cleared for takeoff
runway two four center cleared for takeoff
runway two five left cleared for takeoff
runway two five right cleared for takeoff
runway two five center cleared for takeoff
runway two six left cleared for takeoff
runway two six right cleared for takeoff
runway two six center cleared for takeoff
runway two seven left cleared for takeoff
runway two seven right cleared for takeoff
runway two seven center cleared for takeoff
runway two eight left cleared for takeoff
runway two eight right cleared for takeoff
runway two eight center cleared for takeoff
runway two nine left cleared for takeoff
runway two nine right cleared for takeoff
runway two nine center cleared for takeoff
runway three zero left cleared for takeoff
runway three zero right cleared for takeoff
runway three zero center cleared for takeoff
runway three one left cleared for takeoff
runway three one right cleared for takeoff
runway three one center cleared for takeoff
runway three two left cleared for takeoff
runway three two right cleared for takeoff
runway three two center cleared for takeoff
runway three three left cleared for takeoff
runway three three right cleared for takeoff
runway three three center cleared for takeoff
runway three four left cleared for takeoff
runway three four right cleared for takeoff
runway three four center cleared for takeoff
runway three five left cleared for takeoff
runway three five right cleared for takeoff
runway three five center cleared for takeoff
runway three six left cleared for takeoff
runway three six right cleared for takeoff
runway three six center cleared for takeoff
cleared for takeoff runway zero one
cleared for takeoff runway zero two
cleared for takeoff runway zero three
cleared for takeoff runway zero four
cleared for takeoff runway zero five
cleared for takeoff runway zero six
cleared for takeoff runway zero seven
cleared for takeoff runway zero eight
cleared for takeoff runway zero nine
cleared for takeoff runway one zero
cleared for takeoff runway one one
cleared for takeoff runway one two
cleared for takeoff runway one three
cleared for takeoff runway one four
cleared for takeoff runway one five
cleared for takeoff runway one six
cleared for takeoff runway one seven
cleared for takeoff runway one eight
cleared for takeoff runway one nine
cleared for takeoff runway two zero
cleared for takeoff runway two one
cleared for takeoff runway two two
cleared for takeoff runway two three
cleared for takeoff runway two four
cleared for takeoff runway two five
cleared for takeoff runway two six
cleared for takeoff runway two seven
cleared for takeoff runway two eight
cleared for takeoff runway two nine
cleared for takeoff runway three zero
cleared for takeoff runway three one
cleared for takeoff runway three two
cleared for takeoff runway three three
cleared for takeoff runway three four
cleared for takeoff runway three five
cleared for takeoff runway three six
cleared for takeoff runway one left
cleared for takeoff runway one right
cleared for takeoff runway one center
cleared for takeoff runway two left
cleared for takeoff runway two right
cleared for takeoff runway two center
cleared for takeoff runway three left
cleared for takeoff runway three right
cleared for takeoff runway three center
cleared for takeoff runway four left
cleared for takeoff runway four right
cleared for takeoff runway four center
cleared for takeoff runway five left
cleared for takeoff runway five right
cleared for takeoff runway five center
cleared for takeoff runway six left
cleared for takeoff runway six right
cleared for takeoff runway six center
cleared for takeoff runway seven left
cleared for takeoff runway seven right
cleared for takeoff runway seven center
cleared for takeoff runway eight left
cleared for takeoff runway eight right
cleared for takeoff runway eight center
cleared for takeoff runway nine left
cleared for takeoff runway nine right
cleared for takeoff runway nine center
cleared for takeoff runway one one left
cleared for takeoff runway one one right
cleared for takeoff runway one one center
cleared for takeoff runway one two left
cleared for takeoff runway one two right
cleared for takeoff runway one two center
cleared for takeoff runway one three left
cleared for takeoff runway one three right
cleared for takeoff runway one three center
cleared for takeoff runway one four left
cleared for takeoff runway one four right
cleared for takeoff runway one four center
cleared for takeoff runway one five left
cleared for takeoff runway one five right
cleared for takeoff runway one five center
cleared for takeoff runway one six left
cleared for takeoff runway one six right
cleared for takeoff runway one six center
cleared for takeoff runway one seven left
cleared for takeoff runway one seven right
cleared for takeoff runway one seven center
cleared for takeoff runway one eight left
cleared for takeoff runway one eight right
cleared for takeoff runway one eight center
cleared for takeoff runway one nine left
cleared for takeoff runway one nine right
cleared for takeoff runway one nine center
cleared for takeoff runway two zero left
cleared for takeoff runway two zero right
cleared for takeoff runway two zero center
cleared for takeoff runway two one left
cleared for takeoff runway two one right
cleared for takeoff runway two one center
cleared for takeoff runway two two left
cleared for takeoff runway two two right
cleared for takeoff runway two two center
cleared for takeoff runway two three left
cleared for takeoff runway two three right
cleared for takeoff runway two three center
cleared for takeoff runway two four left
cleared for takeoff runway two four right
cleared for takeoff runway two four center
cleared for takeoff runway two five left
cleared for takeoff runway two five right
cleared for takeoff runway two five center
cleared for takeoff runway two six left
cleared for takeoff runway two six right
cleared for takeoff runway two six center
cleared for takeoff runway two seven left
cleared for takeoff runway two seven right
cleared for takeoff runway two seven center
cleared for takeoff runway two eight left
cleared for takeoff runway two eight right
cleared for takeoff runway two eight center
cleared for takeoff runway two nine left
cleared for takeoff runway two nine right
cleared for takeoff runway two nine center
cleared for takeoff runway three zero left
cleared for takeoff runway three zero right
cleared for takeoff runway three zero center
cleared for takeoff runway three one left
cleared for takeoff runway three one right
cleared for takeoff runway three one center
cleared for takeoff runway three two left
cleared for takeoff runway three two right
cleared for takeoff runway three two center
cleared for takeoff runway three three left
cleared for takeoff runway three three right
cleared for takeoff runway three three center
cleared for takeoff runway three four left
cleared for takeoff runway three four right
cleared for takeoff runway three four center
cleared for takeoff runway three five left
cleared for takeoff runway three five right
cleared for takeoff runway three five center
cleared for takeoff runway three six left
cleared for takeoff runway three six right
cleared for takeoff runway three six center
cleared for takeoff zero one
cleared for takeoff zero two
cleared for takeoff zero three
cleared for takeoff zero four
cleared for takeoff zero five
cleared for takeoff zero six
cleared for takeoff zero seven
cleared for takeoff zero eight
cleared for takeoff zero nine
cleared for takeoff one zero
cleared for takeoff one one
cleared for takeoff one two
cleared for takeoff one three
cleared for takeoff one four
cleared for takeoff one five
cleared for takeoff one six
cleared for takeoff one seven
cleared for takeoff one eight
cleared for takeoff one nine
cleared for takeoff two zero
cleared for takeoff two one
cleared for takeoff two two
cleared for takeoff two three
cleared for takeoff two four
cleared for takeoff two five
cleared for takeoff two six
cleared for takeoff two seven
cleared for takeoff two eight
cleared for takeoff two nine
cleared for takeoff three zero
cleared for takeoff three one
cleared for takeoff three two
cleared for takeoff three three
cleared for takeoff three four
cleared for takeoff three five
cleared for takeoff three six
cleared for takeoff one left
cleared for takeoff one right
cleared for takeoff one center
cleared for takeoff two left
cleared for takeoff two right
cleared for takeoff two center
cleared for takeoff three left
cleared for takeoff three right
cleared for takeoff three center
cleared for takeoff four left
cleared for takeoff four right
cleared for takeoff four center
cleared for takeoff five left
cleared for takeoff five right
cleared for takeoff five center
cleared for takeoff six left
cleared for takeoff six right
cleared for takeoff six center
cleared for takeoff seven left
cleared for takeoff seven right
cleared for takeoff seven center
cleared for takeoff eight left
cleared for takeoff eight right
cleared for takeoff eight center
cleared for takeoff nine left
cleared for takeoff nine right
cleared for takeoff nine center
cleared for takeoff one one left
cleared for takeoff one one right
cleared for takeoff one one center
cleared for takeoff one two left
cleared for takeoff one two right
cleared for takeoff one two center
cleared for takeoff one three left
cleared for takeoff one three right
cleared for takeoff one three center
cleared for takeoff one four left
cleared for takeoff one four right
cleared for takeoff one four center
cleared for takeoff one five left
cleared for takeoff one five right
cleared for takeoff one five center
cleared for takeoff one six left
cleared for takeoff one six right
cleared for takeoff one six center
cleared for takeoff one seven left
cleared for takeoff one seven right
cleared for takeoff one seven center
cleared for takeoff one eight left
cleared for takeoff one eight right
cleared for takeoff one eight center
cleared for takeoff one nine left
cleared for takeoff one nine right
cleared for takeoff one nine center
cleared for takeoff two zero left
cleared for takeoff two zero right
cleared for takeoff two zero center
cleared for takeoff two one left
cleared for takeoff two one right
cleared for takeoff two one center
cleared for takeoff two two left
cleared for takeoff two two right
cleared for takeoff two two center
cleared for takeoff two three left
cleared for takeoff two three right
cleared for takeoff two three center
cleared for takeoff two four left
cleared for takeoff two four right
cleared for takeoff two four center
cleared for takeoff two five left
cleared for takeoff two five right
cleared for takeoff two five center
cleared for takeoff two six left
cleared for takeoff two six right
cleared for takeoff two six center
cleared for takeoff two seven left
cleared for takeoff two seven right
cleared for takeoff two seven center
cleared for takeoff two eight left
cleared for takeoff two eight right
cleared for takeoff two eight center
cleared for takeoff two nine left
cleared for takeoff two nine right
cleared for takeoff two nine center
cleared for takeoff three zero left
cleared for takeoff three zero right
cleared for takeoff three zero center
cleared for takeoff three one left
cleared for takeoff three one right
cleared for takeoff three one center
cleared for takeoff three two left
cleared for takeoff three two right
cleared for takeoff three two center
cleared for takeoff three three left
cleared for takeoff three three right
cleared for takeoff three three center
cleared for takeoff three four left
cleared for takeoff three four right
cleared for takeoff three four center
cleared for takeoff three five left
cleared for takeoff three five right
cleared for takeoff three five center
cleared for takeoff three six left
cleared for takeoff three six right
cleared for takeoff three six center
touch and go runway zero one
touch and go runway zero two
touch and go runway zero three
touch and go runway zero four
touch and go runway zero five
touch and go runway zero six
touch and go runway zero seven
touch and go runway zero eight
touch and go runway zero nine
touch and go runway one zero
touch and go runway one one
touch and go runway one two
touch and go runway one three
touch and go runway one four
touch and go runway one five
touch and go runway one six
touch and go runway one seven
touch and go runway one eight
touch and go runway one nine
touch and go runway two zero
touch and go runway two one
touch and go runway two two
touch and go runway two three
touch and go runway two four
touch and go runway two five
touch and go runway two six
touch and go runway two seven
touch and go runway two eight
touch and go runway two nine
touch and go runway three zero
touch and go runway three one
touch and go runway three two
touch and go runway three three
touch and go runway three four
touch and go runway three five
touch and go runway three six
touch and go runway one left
touch and go runway one right
touch and go runway one center
touch and go runway two left
touch and go runway two right
touch and go runway two center
touch and go runway three left
touch and go runway three right
touch and go runway three center
touch and go runway four left
touch and go runway four right
touch and go runway four center
touch and go runway five left
touch and go runway five right
touch and go runway five center
touch and go runway six left
touch and go runway six right
touch and go runway six center
touch and go runway seven left
touch and go runway seven right
touch and go runway seven center
touch and go runway eight left
touch and go runway eight right
touch and go runway eight center
touch and go runway nine left
touch and go runway nine right
touch and go runway nine center
touch and go runway one one left
touch and go runway one one right
touch and go runway one one center
touch and go runway one two left
touch and go runway one two right
touch and go runway one two center
touch and go runway one three left
touch and go runway one three right
touch and go runway one three center
touch and go runway one four left
touch and go runway one four right
touch and go runway one four center
touch and go runway one five left
touch and go runway one five right
touch and go runway one five center
touch and go runway one six left
touch and go runway one six right
touch and go runway one six center
touch and go runway one seven left
touch and go runway one seven right
touch and go runway one seven center
touch and go runway one eight left
touch and go runway one eight right
touch and go runway one eight center
touch and go runway one nine left
touch and go runway one nine right
touch and go runway one nine center
touch and go runway two zero left
touch and go runway two zero right
touch and go runway two zero center
touch and go runway two one left
touch and go runway two one right
touch and go runway two one center
touch and go runway two two left
touch and go runway two two right
touch and go runway two two center
touch and go runway two three left
touch and go runway two three right
touch and go runway two three center
touch and go runway two four left
touch and go runway two four right
touch and go runway two four center
touch and go runway two five left
touch and go runway two five right
touch and go runway two five center
touch and go runway two six left
touch and go runway two six right
touch and go runway two six center
touch and go runway two seven left
touch and go runway two seven right
touch and go runway two seven center
touch and go runway two eight left
touch and go runway two eight right
touch and go runway two eight center
touch and go runway two nine left
touch and go runway two nine right
touch and go runway two nine center
touch and go runway three zero left
touch and go runway three zero right
touch and go runway three zero center
touch and go runway three one left
touch and go runway three one right
touch and go runway three one center
touch and go runway three two left
touch and go runway three two right
touch and go runway three two center
touch and go runway three three left
touch and go runway three three right
touch and go runway three three center
touch and go runway three four left
touch and go runway three four right
touch and go runway three four center
touch and go runway three five left
touch and go runway three five right
touch and go runway three five center
touch and go runway three six left
touch and go runway three six right
touch and go runway three six center
approach runway zero one
approach runway zero two
approach runway zero three
approach runway zero four
approach runway zero five
approach runway zero six
approach runway zero seven
approach runway zero eight
approach runway zero nine
approach runway one zero
approach runway one one
approach runway one two
approach runway one three
approach runway one four
approach runway one five
approach runway one six
approach runway one seven
approach runway one eight
approach runway one nine
approach runway two zero
approach runway two one
approach runway two two
approach runway two three
approach runway two four
approach runway two five
approach runway two six
approach runway two seven
approach runway two eight
approach runway two nine
approach runway three zero
approach runway three one
approach runway three two
approach runway three three
approach runway three four
approach runway three five
approach runway three six
approach runway one left
approach runway one right
approach runway one center
approach runway two left
approach runway two right
approach runway two center
approach runway three left
approach runway three right
approach runway three center
approach runway four left
approach runway four right
approach runway four center
approach runway five left
approach runway five right
approach runway five center
approach runway six left
approach runway six right
approach runway six center
approach runway seven left
approach runway seven right
approach runway seven center
approach runway eight left
approach runway eight right
approach runway eight center
approach runway nine left
approach runway nine right
approach runway nine center
approach runway one one left
approach runway one one right
approach runway one one center
approach runway one two left
approach runway one two right
approach runway one two center
approach runway one three left
approach runway one three right
approach runway one three center
approach runway one four left
approach runway one four right
approach runway one four center
approach runway one five left
approach runway one five right
approach runway one five center
approach runway one six left
approach runway one six right
approach runway one six center
approach runway one seven left
approach runway one seven right
approach runway one seven center
approach runway one eight left
approach runway one eight right
approach runway one eight center
approach runway one nine left
approach runway one nine right
approach runway one nine center
approach runway two zero left
approach runway two zero right
approach runway two zero center
approach runway two one left
approach runway two one right
approach runway two one center
approach runway two two left
approach runway two two right
approach runway two two center
approach runway two three left
approach runway two three right
approach runway two three center
approach runway two four left
approach runway two four right
approach runway two four center
approach runway two five left
approach runway two five right
approach runway two five center
approach runway two six left
approach runway two six right
approach runway two six center
approach runway two seven left
approach runway two seven right
approach runway two seven center
approach runway two eight left
approach runway two eight right
approach runway two eight center
approach runway two nine left
approach runway two nine right
approach runway two nine center
approach runway three zero left
approach runway three zero right
approach runway three zero center
approach runway three one left
approach runway three one right
approach runway three one center
approach runway three two left
approach runway three two right
approach runway three two center
approach runway three three left
approach runway three three right
approach runway three three center
approach runway three four left
approach runway three four right
approach runway three four center
approach runway three five left
approach runway three five right
approach runway three five center
approach runway three six left
approach runway three six right
approach runway three six center
cleared to land runway zero one wind
cleared to land runway zero two wind
cleared to land runway zero three wind
cleared to land runway zero four wind
cleared to land runway zero five wind
cleared to land runway zero six wind
cleared to land runway zero seven wind
cleared to land runway zero eight wind
cleared to land runway zero nine wind
cleared to land runway one zero wind
cleared to land runway one one wind
cleared to land runway one two wind
cleared to land runway one three wind
cleared to land runway one four wind
cleared to land runway one five wind
cleared to land runway one six wind
cleared to land runway one seven wind
cleared to land runway one eight wind
cleared to land runway one nine wind
cleared to land runway two zero wind
cleared to land runway two one wind
cleared to land runway two two wind
cleared to land runway two three wind
cleared to land runway two four wind
cleared to land runway two five wind
cleared to land runway two six wind
cleared to land runway two seven wind
cleared to land runway two eight wind
cleared to land runway two nine wind
cleared to land runway three zero wind
cleared to land runway three one wind
cleared to land runway three two wind
cleared to land runway three three wind
cleared to land runway three four wind
cleared to land runway three five wind
cleared to land runway three six wind
cleared to land runway one left wind
cleared to land runway one right wind
cleared to land runway one center wind
cleared to land runway two left wind
cleared to land runway two right wind
cleared to land runway two center wind
cleared to land runway three left wind
cleared to land runway three right wind
cleared to land runway three center wind
cleared to land runway four left wind
cleared to land runway four right wind
cleared to land runway four center wind
cleared to land runway five left wind
cleared to land runway five right wind
cleared to land runway five center wind
cleared to land runway six left wind
cleared to land runway six right wind
cleared to land runway six center wind
cleared to land runway seven left wind
cleared to land runway seven right wind
cleared to land runway seven center wind
cleared to land runway eight left wind
cleared to land runway eight right wind
cleared to land runway eight center wind
cleared to land runway nine left wind
cleared to land runway nine right wind
cleared to land runway nine center wind
cleared to land runway one one left wind
cleared to land runway one one right wind
cleared to land runway one one center wind
cleared to land runway one two left wind
cleared to land runway one two right wind
cleared to land runway one two center wind
cleared to land runway one three left wind
cleared to land runway one three right wind
cleared to land runway one three center wind
cleared to land runway one four left wind
cleared to land runway one four right wind
cleared to land runway one four center wind
cleared to land runway one five left wind
cleared to land runway one five right wind
cleared to land runway one five center wind
cleared to land runway one six left wind
cleared to land runway one six right wind
cleared to land runway one six center wind
cleared to land runway one seven left wind
cleared to land runway one seven right wind
cleared to land runway one seven center wind
cleared to land runway one eight left wind
cleared to land runway one eight right wind
cleared to land runway one eight center wind
cleared to land runway one nine left wind
cleared to land runway one nine right wind
cleared to land runway one nine center wind
cleared to land runway two zero left wind
cleared to land runway two zero right wind
cleared to land runway two zero center wind
cleared to land runway two one left wind
cleared to land runway two one right wind
cleared to land runway two one center wind
cleared to land runway two two left wind
cleared to land runway two two right wind
cleared to land runway two two center wind
cleared to land runway two three left wind
cleared to land runway two three right wind
cleared to land runway two three center wind
cleared to land runway two four left wind
cleared to land runway two four right wind
cleared to land runway two four center wind
cleared to land runway two five left wind
cleared to land runway two five right wind
cleared to land runway two five center wind
cleared to land runway two six left wind
cleared to land runway two six right wind
cleared to land runway two six center wind
cleared to land runway two seven left wind
cleared to land runway two seven right wind
cleared to land runway two seven center wind
cleared to land runway two eight left wind
cleared to land runway two eight right wind
cleared to land runway two eight center wind
cleared to land runway two nine left wind
cleared to land runway two nine right wind
cleared to land runway two nine center wind
cleared to land runway three zero left wind
cleared to land runway three zero right wind
cleared to land runway three zero center wind
cleared to land runway three one left wind
cleared to land runway three one right wind
cleared to land runway three one center wind
cleared to land runway three two left wind
cleared to land runway three two right wind
cleared to land runway three two center wind
cleared to land runway three three left wind
cleared to land runway three three right wind
cleared to land runway three three center wind
cleared to land runway three four left wind
cleared to land runway three four right wind
cleared to land runway three four center wind
cleared to land runway three five left wind
cleared to land runway three five right wind
cleared to land runway three five center wind
cleared to land runway three six left wind
cleared to land runway three six right wind
cleared to land runway three six center wind
land runway zero one
land runway zero two
land runway zero three
land runway zero four
land runway zero five
land runway zero six
land runway zero seven
land runway zero eight
land runway zero nine
land runway one zero
land runway one one
land runway one two
land runway one three
land runway one four
land runway one five
land runway one six
land runway one seven
land runway one eight
land runway one nine
land runway two zero
land runway two one
land runway two two
land runway two three
land runway two four
land runway two five
land runway two six
land runway two seven
land runway two eight
land runway two nine
land runway three zero
land runway three one
land runway three two
land runway three three
land runway three four
land runway three five
land runway three six
land runway one left
land runway one right
land runway one center
land runway two left
land runway two right
land runway two center
land runway three left
land runway three right
land runway three center
land runway four left
land runway four right
land runway four center
land runway five left
land runway five right
land runway five center
land runway six left
land runway six right
land runway six center
land runway seven left
land runway seven right
land runway seven center
land runway eight left
land runway eight right
land runway eight center
land runway nine left
land runway nine right
land runway nine center
land runway one one left
land runway one one right
land runway one one center
land runway one two left
land runway one two right
land runway one two center
land runway one three left
land runway one three right
land runway one three center
land runway one four left
land runway one four right
land runway one four center
land runway one five left
land runway one five right
land runway one five center
land runway one six left
land runway one six right
land runway one six center
land runway one seven left
land runway one seven right
land runway one seven center
land runway one eight left
land runway one eight right
land runway one eight center
land runway one nine left
land runway one nine right
land runway one nine center
land runway two zero left
land runway two zero right
land runway two zero center
land runway two one left
land runway two one right
land runway two one center
land runway two two left
land runway two two right
land runway two two center
land runway two three left
land runway two three right
land runway two three center
land runway two four left
land runway two four right
land runway two four center
land runway two five left
land runway two five right
land runway two five center
land runway two six left
land runway two six right
land runway two six center
land runway two seven left
land runway two seven right
land runway two seven center
land runway two eight left
land runway two eight right
land runway two eight center
land runway two nine left
land runway two nine right
land runway two nine center
land runway three zero left
land runway three zero right
land runway three zero center
land runway three one left
land runway three one right
land runway three one center
land runway three two left
land runway three two right
land runway three two center
land runway three three left
land runway three three right
land runway three three center
land runway three four left
land runway three four right
land runway three four center
land runway three five left
land runway three five right
land runway three five center
land runway three six left
land runway three six right
land runway three six center
runway zero one cleared to land
runway zero two cleared to land
runway zero three cleared to land
runway zero four cleared to land
runway zero five cleared to land
runway zero six cleared to land
runway zero seven cleared to land
runway zero eight cleared to land
runway zero nine cleared to land
runway one zero cleared to land
runway one one cleared to land
runway one two cleared to land
runway one three cleared to land
runway one four cleared to land
runway one five cleared to land
runway one six cleared to land
runway one seven cleared to land
runway one eight cleared to land
runway one nine cleared to land
runway two zero cleared to land
runway two one cleared to land
runway two two cleared to land
runway two three cleared to land
runway two four cleared to land
runway two five cleared to land
runway two six cleared to land
runway two seven cleared to land
runway two eight cleared to land
runway two nine cleared to land
runway three zero cleared to land
runway three one cleared to land
runway three two cleared to land
runway three three cleared to land
runway three four cleared to land
runway three five cleared to land
runway three six cleared to land
runway one left cleared to land
runway one right cleared to land
runway one center cleared to land
runway two left cleared to land
runway two right cleared to land
runway two center cleared to land
runway three left cleared to land
runway three right cleared to land
runway three center cleared to land
runway four left cleared to land
runway four right cleared to land
runway four center cleared to land
runway five left cleared to land
runway five right cleared to land
runway five center cleared to land
runway six left cleared to land
runway six right cleared to land
runway six center cleared to land
runway seven left cleared to land
runway seven right cleared to land
runway seven center cleared to land
runway eight left cleared to land
runway eight right cleared to land
runway eight center cleared to land
runway nine left cleared to land
runway nine right cleared to land
runway nine center cleared to land
runway one one left cleared to land
runway one one right cleared to land
runway one one center cleared to land
runway one two left cleared to land
runway one two right cleared to land
runway one two center cleared to land
runway one three left cleared to land
runway one three right cleared to land
runway one three center cleared to land
runway one four left cleared to land
runway one four right cleared to land
runway one four center cleared to land
runway one five left cleared to land
runway one five right cleared to land
runway one five center cleared to land
runway one six left cleared to land
runway one six right cleared to land
runway one six center cleared to land
runway one seven left cleared to land
runway one seven right cleared to land
runway one seven center cleared to land
runway one eight left cleared to land
runway one eight right cleared to land
runway one eight center cleared to land
runway one nine left cleared to land
runway one nine right cleared to land
runway one nine center cleared to land
runway two zero left cleared to land
runway two zero right cleared to land
runway two zero center cleared to land
runway two one left cleared to land
runway two one right cleared to land
runway two one center cleared to land
runway two two left cleared to land
runway two two right cleared to land
runway two two center cleared to land
runway two three left cleared to land
runway two three right cleared to land
runway two three center cleared to land
runway two four left cleared to land
runway two four right cleared to land
runway two four center cleared to land
runway two five left cleared to land
runway two five right cleared to land
runway two five center cleared to land
runway two six left cleared to land
runway two six right cleared to land
runway two six center cleared to land
runway two seven left cleared to land
runway two seven right cleared to land
runway two seven center cleared to land
runway two eight left cleared to land
runway two eight right cleared to land
runway two eight center cleared to land
runway two nine left cleared to land
runway two nine right cleared to land
runway two nine center cleared to land
runway three zero left cleared to land
runway three zero right cleared to land
runway three zero center cleared to land
runway three one left cleared to land
runway three one right cleared to land
runway three one center cleared to land
runway three two left cleared to land
runway three two right cleared to land
runway three two center cleared to land
runway three three left cleared to land
runway three three right cleared to land
runway three three center cleared to land
runway three four left cleared to land
runway three four right cleared to land
runway three four center cleared to land
runway three five left cleared to land
runway three five right cleared to land
runway three five center cleared to land
runway three six left cleared to land
runway three six right cleared to land
runway three six center cleared to land
runway zero one cleared for takeoff
runway zero two cleared for takeoff
runway zero three cleared for takeoff
runway zero four cleared for takeoff
runway zero five cleared for takeoff
runway zero six cleared for takeoff
runway zero seven cleared for takeoff
runway zero eight cleared for takeoff
runway zero nine cleared for takeoff
runway one zero cleared for takeoff
runway one one cleared for takeoff
runway one two cleared for takeoff
runway one three cleared for takeoff
runway one four cleared for takeoff
runway one five cleared for takeoff
runway one six cleared for takeoff
runway one seven cleared for takeoff
runway one eight cleared for takeoff
runway one nine cleared for takeoff
runway two zero cleared for takeoff
runway two one cleared for takeoff
runway two two cleared for takeoff
runway two three cleared for takeoff
runway two four cleared for takeoff
runway two five cleared for takeoff
runway two six cleared for takeoff
runway two seven cleared for takeoff
runway two eight cleared for takeoff
runway two nine cleared for takeoff
runway three zero cleared for takeoff
runway three one cleared for takeoff
runway three two cleared for takeoff
runway three three cleared for takeoff
runway three four cleared for takeoff
runway three five cleared for takeoff
runway three six cleared for takeoff
runway one left cleared for takeoff
runway one right cleared for takeoff
runway one center cleared for takeoff
runway two left cleared for takeoff
runway two right cleared for takeoff
runway two center cleared for takeoff
runway three left cleared for takeoff
runway three right cleared for takeoff
runway three center cleared for takeoff
runway four left cleared for takeoff
runway four right cleared for takeoff
runway four center cleared for takeoff
runway five left cleared for takeoff
runway five right cleared for takeoff
runway five center cleared for takeoff
runway six left cleared for takeoff
runway six right cleared for takeoff
runway six center cleared for takeoff
runway seven left cleared for takeoff
runway seven right cleared for takeoff
runway seven center cleared for takeoff
runway eight left cleared for takeoff
runway eight right cleared for takeoff
runway eight center cleared for takeoff
runway nine left cleared for takeoff
runway nine right cleared for takeoff
runway nine center cleared for takeoff
runway one one left cleared for takeoff
runway one one right cleared for takeoff
runway one one center cleared for takeoff
runway one two left cleared for takeoff
runway one two right cleared for takeoff
runway one two center cleared for takeoff
runway one three left cleared for takeoff
runway one three right cleared for takeoff
runway one three center cleared for takeoff
runway one four left cleared for takeoff
runway one four right cleared for takeoff
runway one four center cleared for takeoff
runway one five left cleared for takeoff
runway one five right cleared for takeoff
runway one five center cleared for takeoff
runway one six left cleared for takeoff
runway one six right cleared for takeoff
runway one six center cleared for takeoff
runway one seven left cleared for takeoff
runway one seven right cleared for takeoff
runway one seven center cleared for takeoff
runway one eight left cleared for takeoff
runway one eight right cleared for takeoff
runway one eight center cleared for takeoff
runway one nine left cleared for takeoff
runway one nine right cleared for takeoff
runway one nine center cleared for takeoff
runway two zero left cleared for takeoff
runway two zero right cleared for takeoff
runway two zero center cleared for takeoff
runway two one left cleared for takeoff
runway two one right cleared for takeoff
runway two one center cleared for takeoff
runway two two left cleared for takeoff
runway two two right cleared for takeoff
runway two two center cleared for takeoff
runway two three left cleared for takeoff
runway two three right cleared for takeoff
runway two three center cleared for takeoff
runway two four left cleared for takeoff
runway two four right cleared for takeoff
runway two four center cleared for takeoff
runway two five left cleared for takeoff
runway two five right cleared for takeoff
runway two five center cleared for takeoff
runway two six left cleared for takeoff
runway two six right cleared for takeoff
runway two six center cleared for takeoff
runway two seven left cleared for takeoff
runway two seven right cleared for takeoff
runway two seven center cleared for takeoff
runway two eight left cleared for takeoff
runway two eight right cleared for takeoff
runway two eight center cleared for takeoff
runway two nine left cleared for takeoff
runway two nine right cleared for takeoff
runway two nine center cleared for takeoff
runway three zero left cleared for takeoff
runway three zero right cleared for takeoff
runway three zero center cleared for takeoff
runway three one left cleared for takeoff
runway three one right cleared for takeoff
runway three one center cleared for takeoff
runway three two left cleared for takeoff
runway three two right cleared for takeoff
runway three two center cleared for takeoff
runway three three left cleared for takeoff
runway three three right cleared for takeoff
runway three three center cleared for takeoff
runway three four left cleared for takeoff
runway three four right cleared for takeoff
runway three four center cleared for takeoff
runway three five left cleared for takeoff
runway three five right cleared for takeoff
runway three five center cleared for takeoff
runway three six left cleared for takeoff
runway three six right cleared for takeoff
runway three six center cleared for takeoff
cleared for takeoff runway zero one
cleared for takeoff runway zero two
cleared for takeoff runway zero three
cleared for takeoff runway zero four
cleared for takeoff runway zero five
cleared for takeoff runway zero six
cleared for takeoff runway zero seven
cleared for takeoff runway zero eight
cleared for takeoff runway zero nine
cleared for takeoff runway one zero
cleared for takeoff runway one one
cleared for takeoff runway one two
cleared for takeoff runway one three
cleared for takeoff runway one four
cleared for takeoff runway one five
cleared for takeoff runway one six
cleared for takeoff runway one seven
cleared for takeoff runway one eight
cleared for takeoff runway one nine
cleared for takeoff runway two zero
cleared for takeoff runway two one
cleared for takeoff runway two two
cleared for takeoff runway two three
cleared for takeoff runway two four
cleared for takeoff runway two five
cleared for takeoff runway two six
cleared for takeoff runway two seven
cleared for takeoff runway two eight
cleared for takeoff runway two nine
cleared for takeoff runway three zero
cleared for takeoff runway three one
cleared for takeoff runway three two
cleared for takeoff runway three three
cleared for takeoff runway three four
cleared for takeoff runway three five
cleared for takeoff runway three six
cleared for takeoff runway one left
cleared for takeoff runway one right
cleared for takeoff runway one center
cleared for takeoff runway two left
cleared for takeoff runway two right
cleared for takeoff runway two center
cleared for takeoff runway three left
cleared for takeoff runway three right
cleared for takeoff runway three center
cleared for takeoff runway four left
cleared for takeoff runway four right
cleared for takeoff runway four center
cleared for takeoff runway five left
cleared for takeoff runway five right
cleared for takeoff runway five center
cleared for takeoff runway six left
cleared for takeoff runway six right
cleared for takeoff runway six center
cleared for takeoff runway seven left
cleared for takeoff runway seven right
cleared for takeoff runway seven center
cleared for takeoff runway eight left
cleared for takeoff runway eight right
cleared for takeoff runway eight center
cleared for takeoff runway nine left
cleared for takeoff runway nine right
cleared for takeoff runway nine center
cleared for takeoff runway one one left
cleared for takeoff runway one one right
cleared for takeoff runway one one center
cleared for takeoff runway one two left
cleared for takeoff runway one two right
cleared for takeoff runway one two center
cleared for takeoff runway one three left
cleared for takeoff runway one three right
cleared for takeoff runway one three center
cleared for takeoff runway one four left
cleared for takeoff runway one four right
cleared for takeoff runway one four center
cleared for takeoff runway one five left
cleared for takeoff runway one five right
cleared for takeoff runway one five center
cleared for takeoff runway one six left
cleared for takeoff runway one six right
cleared for takeoff runway one six center
cleared for takeoff runway one seven left
cleared for takeoff runway one seven right
cleared for takeoff runway one seven center
cleared for takeoff runway one eight left
cleared for takeoff runway one eight right
cleared for takeoff runway one eight center
cleared for takeoff runway one nine left
cleared for takeoff runway one nine right
cleared for takeoff runway one nine center
cleared for takeoff runway two zero left
cleared for takeoff runway two zero right
cleared for takeoff runway two zero center
cleared for takeoff runway two one left
cleared for takeoff runway two one right
cleared for takeoff runway two one center
cleared for takeoff runway two two left
cleared for takeoff runway two two right
cleared for takeoff runway two two center
cleared for takeoff runway two three left
cleared for takeoff runway two three right
cleared for takeoff runway two three center
cleared for takeoff runway two four left
cleared for takeoff runway two four right
cleared for takeoff runway two four center
cleared for takeoff runway two five left
cleared for takeoff runway two five right
cleared for takeoff runway two five center
cleared for takeoff runway two six left
cleared for takeoff runway two six right
cleared for takeoff runway two six center
cleared for takeoff runway two seven left
cleared for takeoff runway two seven right
cleared for takeoff runway two seven center
cleared for takeoff runway two eight left
cleared for takeoff runway two eight right
cleared for takeoff runway two eight center
cleared for takeoff runway two nine left
cleared for takeoff runway two nine right
cleared for takeoff runway two nine center
cleared for takeoff runway three zero left
cleared for takeoff runway three zero right
cleared for takeoff runway three zero center
cleared for takeoff runway three one left
cleared for takeoff runway three one right
cleared for takeoff runway three one center
cleared for takeoff runway three two left
cleared for takeoff runway three two right
cleared for takeoff runway three two center
cleared for takeoff runway three three left
cleared for takeoff runway three three right
cleared for takeoff runway three three center
cleared for takeoff runway three four left
cleared for takeoff runway three four right
cleared for takeoff runway three four center
cleared for takeoff runway three five left
cleared for takeoff runway three five right
cleared for takeoff runway three five center
cleared for takeoff runway three six left
cleared for takeoff runway three six right
cleared for takeoff runway three six center
cleared for takeoff zero one
cleared for takeoff zero two
cleared for takeoff zero three
cleared for takeoff zero four
cleared for takeoff zero five
cleared for takeoff zero six
cleared for takeoff zero seven
cleared for takeoff zero eight
cleared for takeoff zero nine
cleared for takeoff one zero
cleared for takeoff one one
cleared for takeoff one two
cleared for takeoff one three
cleared for takeoff one four
cleared for takeoff one five
cleared for takeoff one six
cleared for takeoff one seven
cleared for takeoff one eight
cleared for takeoff one nine
cleared for takeoff two zero
cleared for takeoff two one
cleared for takeoff two two
cleared for takeoff two three
cleared for takeoff two four
cleared for takeoff two five
cleared for takeoff two six
cleared for takeoff two seven
cleared for takeoff two eight
cleared for takeoff two nine
cleared for takeoff three zero
cleared for takeoff three one
cleared for takeoff three two
cleared for takeoff three three
cleared for takeoff three four
cleared for takeoff three five
cleared for takeoff three six
cleared for takeoff one left
cleared for takeoff one right
cleared for takeoff one center
cleared for takeoff two left
cleared for takeoff two right
cleared for takeoff two center
cleared for takeoff three left
cleared for takeoff three right
cleared for takeoff three center
cleared for takeoff four left
cleared for takeoff four right
cleared for takeoff four center
cleared for takeoff five left
cleared for takeoff five right
cleared for takeoff five center
cleared for takeoff six left
cleared for takeoff six right
cleared for takeoff six center
cleared for takeoff seven left
cleared for takeoff seven right
cleared for takeoff seven center
cleared for takeoff eight left
cleared for takeoff eight right
cleared for takeoff eight center
cleared for takeoff nine left
cleared for takeoff nine right
cleared for takeoff nine center
cleared for takeoff one one left
cleared for takeoff one one right
cleared for takeoff one one center
cleared for takeoff one two left
cleared for takeoff one two right
cleared for takeoff one two center
cleared for takeoff one three left
cleared for takeoff one three right
cleared for takeoff one three center
cleared for takeoff one four left
cleared for takeoff one four right
cleared for takeoff one four center
cleared for takeoff one five left
cleared for takeoff one five right
cleared for takeoff one five center
cleared for takeoff one six left
cleared for takeoff one six right
cleared for takeoff one six center
cleared for takeoff one seven left
cleared for takeoff one seven right
cleared for takeoff one seven center
cleared for takeoff one eight left
cleared for takeoff one eight right
cleared for takeoff one eight center
cleared for takeoff one nine left
cleared for takeoff one nine right
cleared for takeoff one nine center
cleared for takeoff two zero left
cleared for takeoff two zero right
cleared for takeoff two zero center
cleared for takeoff two one left
cleared for takeoff two one right
cleared for takeoff two one center
cleared for takeoff two two left
cleared for takeoff two two right
cleared for takeoff two two center
cleared for takeoff two three left
cleared for takeoff two three right
cleared for takeoff two three center
cleared for takeoff two four left
cleared for takeoff two four right
cleared for takeoff two four center
cleared for takeoff two five left
cleared for takeoff two five right
cleared for takeoff two five center
cleared for takeoff two six left
cleared for takeoff two six right
cleared for takeoff two six center
cleared for takeoff two seven left
cleared for takeoff two seven right
cleared for takeoff two seven center
cleared for takeoff two eight left
cleared for takeoff two eight right
cleared for takeoff two eight center
cleared for takeoff two nine left
cleared for takeoff two nine right
cleared for takeoff two nine center
cleared for takeoff three zero left
cleared for takeoff three zero right
cleared for takeoff three zero center
cleared for takeoff three one left
cleared for takeoff three one right
cleared for takeoff three one center
cleared for takeoff three two left
cleared for takeoff three two right
cleared for takeoff three two center
cleared for takeoff three three left
cleared for takeoff three three right
cleared for takeoff three three center
cleared for takeoff three four left
cleared for takeoff three four right
cleared for takeoff three four center
cleared for takeoff three five left
cleared for takeoff three five right
cleared for takeoff three five center
cleared for takeoff three six left
cleared for takeoff three six right
cleared for takeoff three six center
touch and go runway zero one
touch and go runway zero two
touch and go runway zero three
touch and go runway zero four
touch and go runway zero five
touch and go runway zero six
touch and go runway zero seven
touch and go runway zero eight
touch and go runway zero nine
touch and go runway one zero
touch and go runway one one
touch and go runway one two
touch and go runway one three
touch and go runway one four
touch and go runway one five
touch and go runway one six
touch and go runway one seven
touch and go runway one eight
touch and go runway one nine
touch and go runway two zero
touch and go runway two one
touch and go runway two two
touch and go runway two three
touch and go runway two four
touch and go runway two five
touch and go runway two six
touch and go runway two seven
touch and go runway two eight
touch and go runway two nine
touch and go runway three zero
touch and go runway three one
touch and go runway three two
touch and go runway three three
touch and go runway three four
touch and go runway three five
touch and go runway three six
touch and go runway one left
touch and go runway one right
touch and go runway one center
touch and go runway two left
touch and go runway two right
touch and go runway two center
touch and go runway three left
touch and go runway three right
touch and go runway three center
touch and go runway four left
touch and go runway four right
touch and go runway four center
touch and go runway five left
touch and go runway five right
touch and go runway five center
touch and go runway six left
touch and go runway six right
touch and go runway six center
touch and go runway seven left
touch and go runway seven right
touch and go runway seven center
touch and go runway eight left
touch and go runway eight right
touch and go runway eight center
touch and go runway nine left
touch and go runway nine right
touch and go runway nine center
touch and go runway one one left
touch and go runway one one right
touch and go runway one one center
touch and go runway one two left
touch and go runway one two right
touch and go runway one two center
touch and go runway one three left
touch and go runway one three right
touch and go runway one three center
touch and go runway one four left
touch and go runway one four right
touch and go runway one four center
touch and go runway one five left
touch and go runway one five right
touch and go runway one five center
touch and go runway one six left
touch and go runway one six right
touch and go runway one six center
touch and go runway one seven left
touch and go runway one seven right
touch and go runway one seven center
touch and go runway one eight left
touch and go runway one eight right
touch and go runway one eight center
touch and go runway one nine left
touch and go runway one nine right
touch and go runway one nine center
touch and go runway two zero left
touch and go runway two zero right
touch and go runway two zero center
touch and go runway two one left
touch and go runway two one right
touch and go runway two one center
touch and go runway two two left
touch and go runway two two right
touch and go runway two two center
touch and go runway two three left
touch and go runway two three right
touch and go runway two three center
touch and go runway two four left
touch and go runway two four right
touch and go runway two four center
touch and go runway two five left
touch and go runway two five right
touch and go runway two five center
touch and go runway two six left
touch and go runway two six right
touch and go runway two six center
touch and go runway two seven left
touch and go runway two seven right
touch and go runway two seven center
touch and go runway two eight left
touch and go runway two eight right
touch and go runway two eight center
touch and go runway two nine left
touch and go runway two nine right
touch and go runway two nine center
touch and go runway three zero left
touch and go runway three zero right
touch and go runway three zero center
touch and go runway three one left
touch and go runway three one right
touch and go runway three one center
touch and go runway three two left
touch and go runway three two right
touch and go runway three two center
touch and go runway three three left
touch and go runway three three right
touch and go runway three three center
touch and go runway three four left
touch and go runway three four right
touch and go runway three four center
touch and go runway three five left
touch and go runway three five right
touch and go runway three five center
touch and go runway three six left
touch and go runway three six right
touch and go runway three six center
approach runway zero one
approach runway zero two
approach runway zero three
approach runway zero four
approach runway zero five
approach runway zero six
approach runway zero seven
approach runway zero eight
approach runway zero nine
approach runway one zero
approach runway one one
approach runway one two
approach runway one three
approach runway one four
approach runway one five
approach runway one six
approach runway one seven
approach runway one eight
approach runway one nine
approach runway two zero
approach runway two one
approach runway two two
approach runway two three
approach runway two four
approach runway two five
approach runway two six
approach runway two seven
approach runway two eight
approach runway two nine
approach runway three zero
approach runway three one
approach runway three two
approach runway three three
approach runway three four
approach runway three five
approach runway three six
approach runway one left
approach runway one right
approach runway one center
approach runway two left
approach runway two right
approach runway two center
approach runway three left
approach runway three right
approach runway three center
approach runway four left
approach runway four right
approach runway four center
approach runway five left
approach runway five right
approach runway five center
approach runway six left
approach runway six right
approach runway six center
approach runway seven left
approach runway seven right
approach runway seven center
approach runway eight left
approach runway eight right
approach runway eight center
approach runway nine left
approach runway nine right
approach runway nine center
approach runway one one left
approach runway one one right
approach runway one one center
approach runway one two left
approach runway one two right
approach runway one two center
approach runway one three left
approach runway one three right
approach runway one three center
approach runway one four left
approach runway one four right
approach runway one four center
approach runway one five left
approach runway one five right
approach runway one five center
approach runway one six left
approach runway one six right
approach runway one six center
approach runway one seven left
approach runway one seven right
approach runway one seven center
approach runway one eight left
approach runway one eight right
approach runway one eight center
approach runway one nine left
approach runway one nine right
approach runway one nine center
approach runway two zero left
approach runway two zero right
approach runway two zero center
approach runway two one left
approach runway two one right
approach runway two one center
approach runway two two left
approach runway two two right
approach runway two two center
approach runway two three left
approach runway two three right
approach runway two three center
approach runway two four left
approach runway two four right
approach runway two four center
approach runway two five left
approach runway two five right
approach runway two five center
approach runway two six left
approach runway two six right
approach runway two six center
approach runway two seven left
approach runway two seven right
approach runway two seven center
approach runway two eight left
approach runway two eight right
approach runway two eight center
approach runway two nine left
approach runway two nine right
approach runway two nine center
approach runway three zero left
approach runway three zero right
approach runway three zero center
approach runway three one left
approach runway three one right
approach runway three one center
approach runway three two left
approach runway three two right
approach runway three two center
approach runway three three left
approach runway three three right
approach runway three three center
approach runway three four left
approach runway three four right
approach runway three four center
approach runway three five left
approach runway three five right
approach runway three five center
approach runway three six left
approach runway three six right
approach runway three six center
cleared to land runway zero one wind
cleared to land runway zero two wind
cleared to land runway zero three wind
cleared to land runway zero four wind
cleared to land runway zero five wind
cleared to land runway zero six wind
cleared to land runway zero seven wind
cleared to land runway zero eight wind
cleared to land runway zero nine wind
cleared to land runway one zero wind
cleared to land runway one one wind
cleared to land runway one two wind
cleared to land runway one three wind
cleared to land runway one four wind
cleared to land runway one five wind
cleared to land runway one six wind
cleared to land runway one seven wind
cleared to land runway one eight wind
cleared to land runway one nine wind
cleared to land runway two zero wind
cleared to land runway two one wind
cleared to land runway two two wind
cleared to land runway two three wind
cleared to land runway two four wind
cleared to land runway two five wind
cleared to land runway two six wind
cleared to land runway two seven wind
cleared to land runway two eight wind
cleared to land runway two nine wind
cleared to land runway three zero wind
cleared to land runway three one wind
cleared to land runway three two wind
cleared to land runway three three wind
cleared to land runway three four wind
cleared to land runway three five wind
cleared to land runway three six wind
cleared to land runway one left wind
cleared to land runway one right wind
cleared to land runway one center wind
cleared to land runway two left wind
cleared to land runway two right wind
cleared to land runway two center wind
cleared to land runway three left wind
cleared to land runway three right wind
cleared to land runway three center wind
cleared to land runway four left wind
cleared to land runway four right wind
cleared to land runway four center wind
cleared to land runway five left wind
cleared to land runway five right wind
cleared to land runway five center wind
cleared to land runway six left wind
cleared to land runway six right wind
cleared to land runway six center wind
cleared to land runway seven left wind
cleared to land runway seven right wind
cleared to land runway seven center wind
cleared to land runway eight left wind
cleared to land runway eight right wind
cleared to land runway eight center wind
cleared to land runway nine left wind
cleared to land runway nine right wind
cleared to land runway nine center wind
cleared to land runway one one left wind
cleared to land runway one one right wind
cleared to land runway one one center wind
cleared to land runway one two left wind
cleared to land runway one two right wind
cleared to land runway one two center wind
cleared to land runway one three left wind
cleared to land runway one three right wind
cleared to land runway one three center wind
cleared to land runway one four left wind
cleared to land runway one four right wind
cleared to land runway one four center wind
cleared to land runway one five left wind
cleared to land runway one five right wind
cleared to land runway one five center wind
cleared to land runway one six left wind
cleared to land runway one six right wind
cleared to land runway one six center wind
cleared to land runway one seven left wind
cleared to land runway one seven right wind
cleared to land runway one seven center wind
cleared to land runway one eight left wind
cleared to land runway one eight right wind
cleared to land runway one eight center wind
cleared to land runway one nine left wind
cleared to land runway one nine right wind
cleared to land runway one nine center wind
cleared to land runway two zero left wind
cleared to land runway two zero right wind
cleared to land runway two zero center wind
cleared to land runway two one left wind
cleared to land runway two one right wind
cleared to land runway two one center wind
cleared to land runway two two left wind
cleared to land runway two two right wind
cleared to land runway two two center wind
cleared to land runway two three left wind
cleared to land runway two three right wind
cleared to land runway two three center wind
cleared to land runway two four left wind
cleared to land runway two four right wind
cleared to land runway two four center wind
cleared to land runway two five left wind
cleared to land runway two five right wind
cleared to land runway two five center wind
cleared to land runway two six left wind
cleared to land runway two six right wind
cleared to land runway two six center wind
cleared to land runway two seven left wind
cleared to land runway two seven right wind
cleared to land runway two seven center wind
cleared to land runway two eight left wind
cleared to land runway two eight right wind
cleared to land runway two eight center wind
cleared to land runway two nine left wind
cleared to land runway two nine right wind
cleared to land runway two nine center wind
cleared to land runway three zero left wind
cleared to land runway three zero right wind
cleared to land runway three zero center wind
cleared to land runway three one left wind
cleared to land runway three one right wind
cleared to land runway three one center wind
cleared to land runway three two left wind
cleared to land runway three two right wind
cleared to land runway three two center wind
cleared to land runway three three left wind
cleared to land runway three three right wind
cleared to land runway three three center wind
cleared to land runway three four left wind
cleared to land runway three four right wind
cleared to land runway three four center wind
cleared to land runway three five left wind
cleared to land runway three five right wind
cleared to land runway three five center wind
cleared to land runway three six left wind
cleared to land runway three six right wind
cleared to land runway three six center wind
land runway zero one
land runway zero two
land runway zero three
land runway zero four
land runway zero five
land runway zero six
land runway zero seven
land runway zero eight
land runway zero nine
land runway one zero
land runway one one
land runway one two
land runway one three
land runway one four
land runway one five
land runway one six
land runway one seven
land runway one eight
land runway one nine
land runway two zero
land runway two one
land runway two two
land runway two three
land runway two four
land runway two five
land runway two six
land runway two seven
land runway two eight
land runway two nine
land runway three zero
land runway three one
land runway three two
land runway three three
land runway three four
land runway three five
land runway three six
land runway one left
land runway one right
land runway one center
land runway two left
land runway two right
land runway two center
land runway three left
land runway three right
land runway three center
land runway four left
land runway four right
land runway four center
land runway five left
land runway five right
land runway five center
land runway six left
land runway six right
land runway six center
land runway seven left
land runway seven right
land runway seven center
land runway eight left
land runway eight right
land runway eight center
land runway nine left
land runway nine right
land runway nine center
land runway one one left
land runway one one right
land runway one one center
land runway one two left
land runway one two right
land runway one two center
land runway one three left
land runway one three right
land runway one three center
land runway one four left
land runway one four right
land runway one four center
land runway one five left
land runway one five right
land runway one five center
land runway one six left
land runway one six right
land runway one six center
land runway one seven left
land runway one seven right
land runway one seven center
land runway one eight left
land runway one eight right
land runway one eight center
land runway one nine left
land runway one nine right
land runway one nine center
land runway two zero left
land runway two zero right
land runway two zero center
land runway two one left
land runway two one right
land runway two one center
land runway two two left
land runway two two right
land runway two two center
land runway two three left
land runway two three right
land runway two three center
land runway two four left
land runway two four right
land runway two four center
land runway two five left
land runway two five right
land runway two five center
land runway two six left
land runway two six right
land runway two six center
land runway two seven left
land runway two seven right
land runway two seven center
land runway two eight left
land runway two eight right
land runway two eight center
land runway two nine left
land runway two nine right
land runway two nine center
land runway three zero left
land runway three zero right
land runway three zero center
land runway three one left
land runway three one right
land runway three one center
land runway three two left
land runway three two right
land runway three two center
land runway three three left
land runway three three right
land runway three three center
land runway three four left
land runway three four right
land runway three four center
land runway three five left
land runway three five right
land runway three five center
land runway three six left
land runway three six right
land runway three six center
runway zero one cleared to land
runway zero two cleared to land
runway zero three cleared to land
runway zero four cleared to land
runway zero five cleared to land
runway zero six cleared to land
runway zero seven cleared to land
runway zero eight cleared to land
runway zero nine cleared to land
runway one zero cleared to land
runway one one cleared to land
runway one two cleared to land
runway one three cleared to land
runway one four cleared to land
runway one five cleared to land
runway one six cleared to land
runway one seven cleared to land
runway one eight cleared to land
runway one nine cleared to land
runway two zero cleared to land
runway two one cleared to land
runway two two cleared to land
runway two three cleared to land
runway two four cleared to land
runway two five cleared to land
runway two six cleared to land
runway two seven cleared to land
runway two eight cleared to land
runway two nine cleared to land
runway three zero cleared to land
runway three one cleared to land
runway three two cleared to land
runway three three cleared to land
runway three four cleared to land
runway three five cleared to land
runway three six cleared to land
runway one left cleared to land
runway one right cleared to land
runway one center cleared to land
runway two left cleared to land
runway two right cleared to land
runway two center cleared to land
runway three left cleared to land
runway three right cleared to land
runway three center cleared to land
runway four left cleared to land
runway four right cleared to land
runway four center cleared to land
runway five left cleared to land
runway five right cleared to land
runway five center cleared to land
runway six left cleared to land
runway six right cleared to land
runway six center cleared to land
runway seven left cleared to land
runway seven right cleared to land
runway seven center cleared to land
runway eight left cleared to land
runway eight right cleared to land
runway eight center cleared to land
runway nine left cleared to land
runway nine right cleared to land
runway nine center cleared to land
runway one one left cleared to land
runway one one right cleared to land
runway one one center cleared to land
runway one two left cleared to land
runway one two right cleared to land
runway one two center cleared to land
runway one three left cleared to land
runway one three right cleared to land
runway one three center cleared to land
runway one four left cleared to land
runway one four right cleared to land
runway one four center cleared to land
runway one five left cleared to land
runway one five right cleared to land
runway one five center cleared to land
runway one six left cleared to land
runway one six right cleared to land
runway one six center cleared to land
runway one seven left cleared to land
runway one seven right cleared to land
runway one seven center cleared to land
runway one eight left cleared to land
runway one eight right cleared to land
runway one eight center cleared to land
runway one nine left cleared to land
runway one nine right cleared to land
runway one nine center cleared to land
runway two zero left cleared to land
runway two zero right cleared to land
runway two zero center cleared to land
runway two one left cleared to land
runway two one right cleared to land
runway two one center cleared to land
runway two two left cleared to land
runway two two right cleared to land
runway two two center cleared to land
runway two three left cleared to land
runway two three right cleared to land
runway two three center cleared to land
runway two four left cleared to land
runway two four right cleared to land
runway two four center cleared to land
runway two five left cleared to land
runway two five right cleared to land
runway two five center cleared to land
runway two six left cleared to land
runway two six right cleared to land
runway two six center cleared to land
runway two seven left cleared to land
runway two seven right cleared to land
runway two seven center cleared to land
runway two eight left cleared to land
runway two eight right cleared to land
runway two eight center cleared to land
runway two nine left cleared to land
runway two nine right cleared to land
runway two nine center cleared to land
runway three zero left cleared to land
runway three zero right cleared to land
runway three zero center cleared to land
runway three one left cleared to land
runway three one right cleared to land
runway three one center cleared to land
runway three two left cleared to land
runway three two right cleared to land
runway three two center cleared to land
runway three three left cleared to land
runway three three right cleared to land
runway three three center cleared to land
runway three four left cleared to land
runway three four right cleared to land
runway three four center cleared to land
runway three five left cleared to land
runway three five right cleared to land
runway three five center cleared to land
runway three six left cleared to land
runway three six right cleared to land
runway three six center cleared to land
runway zero one cleared for takeoff
runway zero two cleared for takeoff
runway zero three cleared for takeoff
runway zero four cleared for takeoff
runway zero five cleared for takeoff
runway zero six cleared for takeoff
runway zero seven cleared for takeoff
runway zero eight cleared for takeoff
runway zero nine cleared for takeoff
runway one zero cleared for takeoff
runway one one cleared for takeoff
runway one two cleared for takeoff
runway one three cleared for takeoff
runway one four cleared for takeoff
runway one five cleared for takeoff
runway one six cleared for takeoff
runway one seven cleared for takeoff
runway one eight cleared for takeoff
runway one nine cleared for takeoff
runway two zero cleared for takeoff
runway two one cleared for takeoff
runway two two cleared for takeoff
runway two three cleared for takeoff
runway two four cleared for takeoff
runway two five cleared for takeoff
runway two six cleared for takeoff
runway two seven cleared for takeoff
runway two eight cleared for takeoff
runway two nine cleared for takeoff
runway three zero cleared for takeoff
runway three one cleared for takeoff
runway three two cleared for takeoff
runway three three cleared for takeoff
runway three four cleared for takeoff
runway three five cleared for takeoff
runway three six cleared for takeoff
runway one left cleared for takeoff
runway one right cleared for takeoff
runway one center cleared for takeoff
runway two left cleared for takeoff
runway two right cleared for takeoff
runway two center cleared for takeoff
runway three left cleared for takeoff
runway three right cleared for takeoff
runway three center cleared for takeoff
runway four left cleared for takeoff
runway four right cleared for takeoff
runway four center cleared for takeoff
runway five left cleared for takeoff
runway five right cleared for takeoff
runway five center cleared for takeoff
runway six left cleared for takeoff
runway six right cleared for takeoff
runway six center cleared for takeoff
runway seven left cleared for takeoff
runway seven right cleared for takeoff
runway seven center cleared for takeoff
runway eight left cleared for takeoff
runway eight right cleared for takeoff
runway eight center cleared for takeoff
runway nine left cleared for takeoff
runway nine right cleared for takeoff
runway nine center cleared for takeoff
runway one one left cleared for takeoff
runway one one right cleared for takeoff
runway one one center cleared for takeoff
runway one two left cleared for takeoff
runway one two right cleared for takeoff
runway one two center cleared for takeoff
runway one three left cleared for takeoff
runway one three right cleared for takeoff
runway one three center cleared for takeoff
runway one four left cleared for takeoff
runway one four right cleared for takeoff
runway one four center cleared for takeoff
runway one five left cleared for takeoff
runway one five right cleared for takeoff
runway one five center cleared for takeoff
runway one six left cleared for takeoff
runway one six right cleared for takeoff
runway one six center cleared for takeoff
runway one seven left cleared for takeoff
runway one seven right cleared for takeoff
runway one seven center cleared for takeoff
runway one eight left cleared for takeoff
runway one eight right cleared for takeoff
runway one eight center cleared for takeoff
runway one nine left cleared for takeoff
runway one nine right cleared for takeoff
runway one nine center cleared for takeoff
runway two zero left cleared for takeoff
runway two zero right cleared for takeoff
runway two zero center cleared for takeoff
runway two one left cleared for takeoff
runway two one right cleared for takeoff
runway two one center cleared for takeoff
runway two two left cleared for takeoff
runway two two right cleared for takeoff
runway two two center cleared for takeoff
runway two three left cleared for takeoff
runway two three right cleared for takeoff
runway two three center cleared for takeoff
runway two four left cleared for takeoff
runway two four right cleared for takeoff
runway two four center cleared for takeoff
runway two five left cleared for takeoff
runway two five right cleared for takeoff
runway two five center cleared for takeoff
runway two six left cleared for takeoff
runway two six right cleared for takeoff
runway two six center cleared for takeoff
runway two seven left cleared for takeoff
runway two seven right cleared for takeoff
runway two seven center cleared for takeoff
runway two eight left cleared for takeoff
runway two eight right cleared for takeoff
runway two eight center cleared for takeoff
runway two nine left cleared for takeoff
runway two nine right cleared for takeoff
runway two nine center cleared for takeoff
runway three zero left cleared for takeoff
runway three zero right cleared for takeoff
runway three zero center cleared for takeoff
runway three one left cleared for takeoff
runway three one right cleared for takeoff
runway three one center cleared for takeoff
runway three two left cleared for takeoff
runway three two right cleared for takeoff
runway three two center cleared for takeoff
runway three three left cleared for takeoff
runway three three right cleared for takeoff
runway three three center cleared for takeoff
runway three four left cleared for takeoff
runway three four right cleared for takeoff
runway three four center cleared for takeoff
runway three five left cleared for takeoff
runway three five right cleared for takeoff
runway three five center cleared for takeoff
runway three six left cleared for takeoff
runway three six right cleared for takeoff
runway three six center cleared for takeoff
cleared for takeoff runway zero one
cleared for takeoff runway zero two
cleared for takeoff runway zero three
cleared for takeoff runway zero four
cleared for takeoff runway zero five
cleared for takeoff runway zero six
cleared for takeoff runway zero seven
cleared for takeoff runway zero eight
cleared for takeoff runway zero nine
cleared for takeoff runway one zero
cleared for takeoff runway one one
cleared for takeoff runway one two
cleared for takeoff runway one three
cleared for takeoff runway one four
cleared for takeoff runway one five
cleared for takeoff runway one six
cleared for takeoff runway one seven
cleared for takeoff runway one eight
cleared for takeoff runway one nine
cleared for takeoff runway two zero
cleared for takeoff runway two one
cleared for takeoff runway two two
cleared for takeoff runway two three
cleared for takeoff runway two four
cleared for takeoff runway two five
cleared for takeoff runway two six
cleared for takeoff runway two seven
cleared for takeoff runway two eight
cleared for takeoff runway two nine
cleared for takeoff runway three zero
cleared for takeoff runway three one
cleared for takeoff runway three two
cleared for takeoff runway three three
cleared for takeoff runway three four
cleared for takeoff runway three five
cleared for takeoff runway three six
cleared for takeoff runway one left
cleared for takeoff runway one right
cleared for takeoff runway one center
cleared for takeoff runway two left
cleared for takeoff runway two right
cleared for takeoff runway two center
cleared for takeoff runway three left
cleared for takeoff runway three right
cleared for takeoff runway three center
cleared for takeoff runway four left
cleared for takeoff runway four right
cleared for takeoff runway four center
cleared for takeoff runway five left
cleared for takeoff runway five right
cleared for takeoff runway five center
cleared for takeoff runway six left
cleared for takeoff runway six right
cleared for takeoff runway six center
cleared for takeoff runway seven left
cleared for takeoff runway seven right
cleared for takeoff runway seven center
cleared for takeoff runway eight left
cleared for takeoff runway eight right
cleared for takeoff runway eight center
cleared for takeoff runway nine left
cleared for takeoff runway nine right
cleared for takeoff runway nine center
cleared for takeoff runway one one left
cleared for takeoff runway one one right
cleared for takeoff runway one one center
cleared for takeoff runway one two left
cleared for takeoff runway one two right
cleared for takeoff runway one two center
cleared for takeoff runway one three left
cleared for takeoff runway one three right
cleared for takeoff runway one three center
cleared for takeoff runway one four left
cleared for takeoff runway one four right
cleared for takeoff runway one four center
cleared for takeoff runway one five left
cleared for takeoff runway one five right
cleared for takeoff runway one five center
cleared for takeoff runway one six left
cleared for takeoff runway one six right
cleared for takeoff runway one six center
cleared for takeoff runway one seven left
cleared for takeoff runway one seven right
cleared for takeoff runway one seven center
cleared for takeoff runway one eight left
cleared for takeoff runway one eight right
cleared for takeoff runway one eight center
cleared for takeoff runway one nine left
cleared for takeoff runway one nine right
cleared for takeoff runway one nine center
cleared for takeoff runway two zero left
cleared for takeoff runway two zero right
cleared for takeoff runway two zero center
cleared for takeoff runway two one left
cleared for takeoff runway two one right
cleared for takeoff runway two one center
cleared for takeoff runway two two left
cleared for takeoff runway two two right
cleared for takeoff runway two two center
cleared for takeoff runway two three left
cleared for takeoff runway two three right
cleared for takeoff runway two three center
cleared for takeoff runway two four left
cleared for takeoff runway two four right
cleared for takeoff runway two four center
cleared for takeoff runway two five left
cleared for takeoff runway two five right
cleared for takeoff runway two five center
cleared for takeoff runway two six left
cleared for takeoff runway two six right
cleared for takeoff runway two six center
cleared for takeoff runway two seven left
cleared for takeoff runway two seven right
cleared for takeoff runway two seven center
cleared for takeoff runway two eight left
cleared for takeoff runway two eight right
cleared for takeoff runway two eight center
cleared for takeoff runway two nine left
cleared for takeoff runway two nine right
cleared for takeoff runway two nine center
cleared for takeoff runway three zero left
cleared for takeoff runway three zero right
cleared for takeoff runway three zero center
cleared for takeoff runway three one left
cleared for takeoff runway three one right
cleared for takeoff runway three one center
cleared for takeoff runway three two left
cleared for takeoff runway three two right
cleared for takeoff runway three two center
cleared for takeoff runway three three left
cleared for takeoff runway three three right
cleared for takeoff runway three three center
cleared for takeoff runway three four left
cleared for takeoff runway three four right
cleared for takeoff runway three four center
cleared for takeoff runway three five left
cleared for takeoff runway three five right
cleared for takeoff runway three five center
cleared for takeoff runway three six left
cleared for takeoff runway three six right
cleared for takeoff runway three six center
cleared for takeoff zero one
cleared for takeoff zero two
cleared for takeoff zero three
cleared for takeoff zero four
cleared for takeoff zero five
cleared for takeoff zero six
cleared for takeoff zero seven
cleared for takeoff zero eight
cleared for takeoff zero nine
cleared for takeoff one zero
cleared for takeoff one one
cleared for takeoff one two
cleared for takeoff one three
cleared for takeoff one four
cleared for takeoff one five
cleared for takeoff one six
cleared for takeoff one seven
cleared for takeoff one eight
cleared for takeoff one nine
cleared for takeoff two zero
cleared for takeoff two one
cleared for takeoff two two
cleared for takeoff two three
cleared for takeoff two four
cleared for takeoff two five
cleared for takeoff two six
cleared for takeoff two seven
cleared for takeoff two eight
cleared for takeoff two nine
cleared for takeoff three zero
cleared for takeoff three one
cleared for takeoff three two
cleared for takeoff three three
cleared for takeoff three four
cleared for takeoff three five
cleared for takeoff three six
cleared for takeoff one left
cleared for takeoff one right
cleared for takeoff one center
cleared for takeoff two left
cleared for takeoff two right
cleared for takeoff two center
cleared for takeoff three left
cleared for takeoff three right
cleared for takeoff three center
cleared for takeoff four left
cleared for takeoff four right
cleared for takeoff four center
cleared for takeoff five left
cleared for takeoff five right
cleared for takeoff five center
cleared for takeoff six left
cleared for takeoff six right
cleared for takeoff six center
cleared for takeoff seven left
cleared for takeoff seven right
cleared for takeoff seven center
cleared for takeoff eight left
cleared for takeoff eight right
cleared for takeoff eight center
cleared for takeoff nine left
cleared for takeoff nine right
cleared for takeoff nine center
cleared for takeoff one one left
cleared for takeoff one one right
cleared for takeoff one one center
cleared for takeoff one two left
cleared for takeoff one two right
cleared for takeoff one two center
cleared for takeoff one three left
cleared for takeoff one three right
cleared for takeoff one three center
cleared for takeoff one four left
cleared for takeoff one four right
cleared for takeoff one four center
cleared for takeoff one five left
cleared for takeoff one five right
cleared for takeoff one five center
cleared for takeoff one six left
cleared for takeoff one six right
cleared for takeoff one six center
cleared for takeoff one seven left
cleared for takeoff one seven right
cleared for takeoff one seven center
cleared for takeoff one eight left
cleared for takeoff one eight right
cleared for takeoff one eight center
cleared for takeoff one nine left
cleared for takeoff one nine right
cleared for takeoff one nine center
cleared for takeoff two zero left
cleared for takeoff two zero right
cleared for takeoff two zero center
cleared for takeoff two one left
cleared for takeoff two one right
cleared for takeoff two one center
cleared for takeoff two two left
cleared for takeoff two two right
cleared for takeoff two two center
cleared for takeoff two three left
cleared for takeoff two three right
cleared for takeoff two three center
cleared for takeoff two four left
cleared for takeoff two four right
cleared for takeoff two four center
cleared for takeoff two five left
cleared for takeoff two five right
cleared for takeoff two five center
cleared for takeoff two six left
cleared for takeoff two six right
cleared for takeoff two six center
cleared for takeoff two seven left
cleared for takeoff two seven right
cleared for takeoff two seven center
cleared for takeoff two eight left
cleared for takeoff two eight right
cleared for takeoff two eight center
cleared for takeoff two nine left
cleared for takeoff two nine right
cleared for takeoff two nine center
cleared for takeoff three zero left
cleared for takeoff three zero right
cleared for takeoff three zero center
cleared for takeoff three one left
cleared for takeoff three one right
cleared for takeoff three one center
cleared for takeoff three two left
cleared for takeoff three two right
cleared for takeoff three two center
cleared for takeoff three three left
cleared for takeoff three three right
cleared for takeoff three three center
cleared for takeoff three four left
cleared for takeoff three four right
cleared for takeoff three four center
cleared for takeoff three five left
cleared for takeoff three five right
cleared for takeoff three five center
cleared for takeoff three six left
cleared for takeoff three six right
cleared for takeoff three six center
touch and go runway zero one
touch and go runway zero two
touch and go runway zero three
touch and go runway zero four
touch and go runway zero five
touch and go runway zero six
touch and go runway zero seven
touch and go runway zero eight
touch and go runway zero nine
touch and go runway one zero
touch and go runway one one
touch and go runway one two
touch and go runway one three
touch and go runway one four
touch and go runway one five
touch and go runway one six
touch and go runway one seven
touch and go runway one eight
touch and go runway one nine
touch and go runway two zero
touch and go runway two one
touch and go runway two two
touch and go runway two three
touch and go runway two four
touch and go runway two five
touch and go runway two six
touch and go runway two seven
touch and go runway two eight
touch and go runway two nine
touch and go runway three zero
touch and go runway three one
touch and go runway three two
touch and go runway three three
touch and go runway three four
touch and go runway three five
touch and go runway three six
touch and go runway one left
touch and go runway one right
touch and go runway one center
touch and go runway two left
touch and go runway two right
touch and go runway two center
touch and go runway three left
touch and go runway three right
touch and go runway three center
touch and go runway four left
touch and go runway four right
touch and go runway four center
touch and go runway five left
touch and go runway five right
touch and go runway five center
touch and go runway six left
touch and go runway six right
touch and go runway six center
touch and go runway seven left
touch and go runway seven right
touch and go runway seven center
touch and go runway eight left
touch and go runway eight right
touch and go runway eight center
touch and go runway nine left
touch and go runway nine right
touch and go runway nine center
touch and go runway one one left
touch and go runway one one right
touch and go runway one one center
touch and go runway one two left
touch and go runway one two right
touch and go runway one two center
touch and go runway one three left
touch and go runway one three right
touch and go runway one three center
touch and go runway one four left
touch and go runway one four right
touch and go runway one four center
touch and go runway one five left
touch and go runway one five right
touch and go runway one five center
touch and go runway one six left
touch and go runway one six right
touch and go runway one six center
touch and go runway one seven left
touch and go runway one seven right
touch and go runway one seven center
touch and go runway one eight left
touch and go runway one eight right
touch and go runway one eight center
touch and go runway one nine left
touch and go runway one nine right
touch and go runway one nine center
touch and go runway two zero left
touch and go runway two zero right
touch and go runway two zero center
touch and go runway two one left
touch and go runway two one right
touch and go runway two one center
touch and go runway two two left
touch and go runway two two right
touch and go runway two two center
touch and go runway two three left
touch and go runway two three right
touch and go runway two three center
touch and go runway two four left
touch and go runway two four right
touch and go runway two four center
touch and go runway two five left
touch and go runway two five right
touch and go runway two five center
touch and go runway two six left
touch and go runway two six right
touch and go runway two six center
touch and go runway two seven left
touch and go runway two seven right
touch and go runway two seven center
touch and go runway two eight left
touch and go runway two eight right
touch and go runway two eight center
touch and go runway two nine left
touch and go runway two nine right
touch and go runway two nine center
touch and go runway three zero left
touch and go runway three zero right
touch and go runway three zero center
touch and go runway three one left
touch and go runway three one right
touch and go runway three one center
touch and go runway three two left
touch and go runway three two right
touch and go runway three two center
touch and go runway three three left
touch and go runway three three right
touch and go runway three three center
touch and go runway three four left
touch and go runway three four right
touch and go runway three four center
touch and go runway three five left
touch and go runway three five right
touch and go runway three five center
touch and go runway three six left
touch and go runway three six right
touch and go runway three six center
approach runway zero one
approach runway zero two
approach runway zero three
approach runway zero four
approach runway zero five
approach runway zero six
approach runway zero seven
approach runway zero eight
approach runway zero nine
approach runway one zero
approach runway one one
approach runway one two
approach runway one three
approach runway one four
approach runway one five
approach runway one six
approach runway one seven
approach runway one eight
approach runway one nine
approach runway two zero
approach runway two one
approach runway two two
approach runway two three
approach runway two four
approach runway two five
approach runway two six
approach runway two seven
approach runway two eight
approach runway two nine
approach runway three zero
approach runway three one
approach runway three two
approach runway three three
approach runway three four
approach runway three five
approach runway three six
approach runway one left
approach runway one right
approach runway one center
approach runway two left
approach runway two right
approach runway two center
approach runway three left
approach runway three right
approach runway three center
approach runway four left
approach runway four right
approach runway four center
approach runway five left
approach runway five right
approach runway five center
approach runway six left
approach runway six right
approach runway six center
approach runway seven left
approach runway seven right
approach runway seven center
approach runway eight left
approach runway eight right
approach runway eight center
approach runway nine left
approach runway nine right
approach runway nine center
approach runway one one left
approach runway one one right
approach runway one one center
approach runway one two left
approach runway one two right
approach runway one two center
approach runway one three left
approach runway one three right
approach runway one three center
approach runway one four left
approach runway one four right
approach runway one four center
approach runway one five left
approach runway one five right
approach runway one five center
approach runway one six left
approach runway one six right
approach runway one six center
approach runway one seven left
approach runway one seven right
approach runway one seven center
approach runway one eight left
approach runway one eight right
approach runway one eight center
approach runway one nine left
approach runway one nine right
approach runway one nine center
approach runway two zero left
approach runway two zero right
approach runway two zero center
approach runway two one left
approach runway two one right
approach runway two one center
approach runway two two left
approach runway two two right
approach runway two two center
approach runway two three left
approach runway two three right
approach runway two three center
approach runway two four left
approach runway two four right
approach runway two four center
approach runway two five left
approach runway two five right
approach runway two five center
approach runway two six left
approach runway two six right
approach runway two six center
approach runway two seven left
approach runway two seven right
approach runway two seven center
approach runway two eight left
approach runway two eight right
approach runway two eight center
approach runway two nine left
approach runway two nine right
approach runway two nine center
approach runway three zero left
approach runway three zero right
approach runway three zero center
approach runway three one left
approach runway three one right
approach runway three one center
approach runway three two left
approach runway three two right
approach runway three two center
approach runway three three left
approach runway three three right
approach runway three three center
approach runway three four left
approach runway three four right
approach runway three four center
approach runway three five left
approach runway three five right
approach runway three five center
approach runway three six left
approach runway three six right
approach runway three six center
cleared to land runway zero one wind
cleared to land runway zero two wind
cleared to land runway zero three wind
cleared to land runway zero four wind
cleared to land runway zero five wind
cleared to land runway zero six wind
cleared to land runway zero seven wind
cleared to land runway zero eight wind
cleared to land runway zero nine wind
cleared to land runway one zero wind
cleared to land runway one one wind
cleared to land runway one two wind
cleared to land runway one three wind
cleared to land runway one four wind
cleared to land runway one five wind
cleared to land runway one six wind
cleared to land runway one seven wind
cleared to land runway one eight wind
cleared to land runway one nine wind
cleared to land runway two zero wind
cleared to land runway two one wind
cleared to land runway two two wind
cleared to land runway two three wind
cleared to land runway two four wind
cleared to land runway two five wind
cleared to land runway two six wind
cleared to land runway two seven wind
cleared to land runway two eight wind
cleared to land runway two nine wind
cleared to land runway three zero wind
cleared to land runway three one wind
cleared to land runway three two wind
cleared to land runway three three wind
cleared to land runway three four wind
cleared to land runway three five wind
cleared to land runway three six wind
cleared to land runway one left wind
cleared to land runway one right wind
cleared to land runway one center wind
cleared to land runway two left wind
cleared to land runway two right wind
cleared to land runway two center wind
cleared to land runway three left wind
cleared to land runway three right wind
cleared to land runway three center wind
cleared to land runway four left wind
cleared to land runway four right wind
cleared to land runway four center wind
cleared to land runway five left wind
cleared to land runway five right wind
cleared to land runway five center wind
cleared to land runway six left wind
cleared to land runway six right wind
cleared to land runway six center wind
cleared to land runway seven left wind
cleared to land runway seven right wind
cleared to land runway seven center wind
cleared to land runway eight left wind
cleared to land runway eight right wind
cleared to land runway eight center wind
cleared to land runway nine left wind
cleared to land runway nine right wind
cleared to land runway nine center wind
cleared to land runway one one left wind
cleared to land runway one one right wind
cleared to land runway one one center wind
cleared to land runway one two left wind
cleared to land runway one two right wind
cleared to land runway one two center wind
cleared to land runway one three left wind
cleared to land runway one three right wind
cleared to land runway one three center wind
cleared to land runway one four left wind
cleared to land runway one four right wind
cleared to land runway one four center wind
cleared to land runway one five left wind
cleared to land runway one five right wind
cleared to land runway one five center wind
cleared to land runway one six left wind
cleared to land runway one six right wind
cleared to land runway one six center wind
cleared to land runway one seven left wind
cleared to land runway one seven right wind
cleared to land runway one seven center wind
cleared to land runway one eight left wind
cleared to land runway one eight right wind
cleared to land runway one eight center wind
cleared to land runway one nine left wind
cleared to land runway one nine right wind
cleared to land runway one nine center wind
cleared to land runway two zero left wind
cleared to land runway two zero right wind
cleared to land runway two zero center wind
cleared to land runway two one left wind
cleared to land runway two one right wind
cleared to land runway two one center wind
cleared to land runway two two left wind
cleared to land runway two two right wind
cleared to land runway two two center wind
cleared to land runway two three left wind
cleared to land runway two three right wind
cleared to land runway two three center wind
cleared to land runway two four left wind
cleared to land runway two four right wind
cleared to land runway two four center wind
cleared to land runway two five left wind
cleared to land runway two five right wind
cleared to land runway two five center wind
cleared to land runway two six left wind
cleared to land runway two six right wind
cleared to land runway two six center wind
cleared to land runway two seven left wind
cleared to land runway two seven right wind
cleared to land runway two seven center wind
cleared to land runway two eight left wind
cleared to land runway two eight right wind
cleared to land runway two eight center wind
cleared to land runway two nine left wind
cleared to land runway two nine right wind
cleared to land runway two nine center wind
cleared to land runway three zero left wind
cleared to land runway three zero right wind
cleared to land runway three zero center wind
cleared to land runway three one left wind
cleared to land runway three one right wind
cleared to land runway three one center wind
cleared to land runway three two left wind
cleared to land runway three two right wind
cleared to land runway three two center wind
cleared to land runway three three left wind
cleared to land runway three three right wind
cleared to land runway three three center wind
cleared to land runway three four left wind
cleared to land runway three four right wind
cleared to land runway three four center wind
cleared to land runway three five left wind
cleared to land runway three five right wind
cleared to land runway three five center wind
cleared to land runway three six left wind
cleared to land runway three six right wind
cleared to land runway three six center wind
land runway zero one
land runway zero two
land runway zero three
land runway zero four
land runway zero five
land runway zero six
land runway zero seven
land runway zero eight
land runway zero nine
land runway one zero
land runway one one
land runway one two
land runway one three
land runway one four
land runway one five
land runway one six
land runway one seven
land runway one eight
land runway one nine
land runway two zero
land runway two one
land runway two two
land runway two three
land runway two four
land runway two five
land runway two six
land runway two seven
land runway two eight
land runway two nine
land runway three zero
land runway three one
land runway three two
land runway three three
land runway three four
land runway three five
land runway three six
land runway one left
land runway one right
land runway one center
land runway two left
land runway two right
land runway two center
land runway three left
land runway three right
land runway three center
land runway four left
land runway four right
land runway four center
land runway five left
land runway five right
land runway five center
land runway six left
land runway six right
land runway six center
land runway seven left
land runway seven right
land runway seven center
land runway eight left
land runway eight right
land runway eight center
land runway nine left
land runway nine right
land runway nine center
land runway one one left
land runway one one right
land runway one one center
land runway one two left
land runway one two right
land runway one two center
land runway one three left
land runway one three right
land runway one three center
land runway one four left
land runway one four right
land runway one four center
land runway one five left
land runway one five right
land runway one five center
land runway one six left
land runway one six right
land runway one six center
land runway one seven left
land runway one seven right
land runway one seven center
land runway one eight left
land runway one eight right
land runway one eight center
land runway one nine left
land runway one nine right
land runway one nine center
land runway two zero left
land runway two zero right
land runway two zero center
land runway two one left
land runway two one right
land runway two one center
land runway two two left
land runway two two right
land runway two two center
land runway two three left
land runway two three right
land runway two three center
land runway two four left
land runway two four right
land runway two four center
land runway two five left
land runway two five right
land runway two five center
land runway two six left
land runway two six right
land runway two six center
land runway two seven left
land runway two seven right
land runway two seven center
land runway two eight left
land runway two eight right
land runway two eight center
land runway two nine left
land runway two nine right
land runway two nine center
land runway three zero left
land runway three zero right
land runway three zero center
land runway three one left
land runway three one right
land runway three one center
land runway three two left
land runway three two right
land runway three two center
land runway three three left
land runway three three right
land runway three three center
land runway three four left
land runway three four right
land runway three four center
land runway three five left
land runway three five right
land runway three five center
land runway three six left
land runway three six right
land runway three six center
runway zero one cleared to land
runway zero two cleared to land
runway zero three cleared to land
runway zero four cleared to land
runway zero five cleared to land
runway zero six cleared to land
runway zero seven cleared to land
runway zero eight cleared to land
runway zero nine cleared to land
runway one zero cleared to land
runway one one cleared to land
runway one two cleared to land
runway one three cleared to land
runway one four cleared to land
runway one five cleared to land
runway one six cleared to land
runway one seven cleared to land
runway one eight cleared to land
runway one nine cleared to land
runway two zero cleared to land
runway two one cleared to land
runway two two cleared to land
runway two three cleared to land
runway two four cleared to land
runway two five cleared to land
runway two six cleared to land
runway two seven cleared to land
runway two eight cleared to land
runway two nine cleared to land
runway three zero cleared to land
runway three one cleared to land
runway three two cleared to land
runway three three cleared to land
runway three four cleared to land
runway three five cleared to land
runway three six cleared to land
runway one left cleared to land
runway one right cleared to land
runway one center cleared to land
runway two left cleared to land
runway two right cleared to land
runway two center cleared to land
runway three left cleared to land
runway three right cleared to land
runway three center cleared to land
runway four left cleared to land
runway four right cleared to land
runway four center cleared to land
runway five left cleared to land
runway five right cleared to land
runway five center cleared to land
runway six left cleared to land
runway six right cleared to land
runway six center cleared to land
runway seven left cleared to land
runway seven right cleared to land
runway seven center cleared to land
runway eight left cleared to land
runway eight right cleared to land
runway eight center cleared to land
runway nine left cleared to land
runway nine right cleared to land
runway nine center cleared to land
runway one one left cleared to land
runway one one right cleared to land
runway one one center cleared to land
runway one two left cleared to land
runway one two right cleared to land
runway one two center cleared to land
runway one three left cleared to land
runway one three right cleared to land
runway one three center cleared to land
runway one four left cleared to land
runway one four right cleared to land
runway one four center cleared to land
runway one five left cleared to land
runway one five right cleared to land
runway one five center cleared to land
runway one six left cleared to land
runway one six right cleared to land
runway one six center cleared to land
runway one seven left cleared to land
runway one seven right cleared to land
runway one seven center cleared to land
runway one eight left cleared to land
runway one eight right cleared to land
runway one eight center cleared to land
runway one nine left cleared to land
runway one nine right cleared to land
runway one nine center cleared to land
runway two zero left cleared to land
runway two zero right cleared to land
runway two zero center cleared to land
runway two one left cleared to land
runway two one right cleared to land
runway two one center cleared to land
runway two two left cleared to land
runway two two right cleared to land
runway two two center cleared to land
runway two three left cleared to land
runway two three right cleared to land
runway two three center cleared to land
runway two four left cleared to land
runway two four right cleared to land
runway two four center cleared to land
runway two five left cleared to land
runway two five right cleared to land
runway two five center cleared to land
runway two six left cleared to land
runway two six right cleared to land
runway two six center cleared to land
runway two seven left cleared to land
runway two seven right cleared to land
runway two seven center cleared to land
runway two eight left cleared to land
runway two eight right cleared to land
runway two eight center cleared to land
runway two nine left cleared to land
runway two nine right cleared to land
runway two nine center cleared to land
runway three zero left cleared to land
runway three zero right cleared to land
runway three zero center cleared to land
runway three one left cleared to land
runway three one right cleared to land
runway three one center cleared to land
runway three two left cleared to land
runway three two right cleared to land
runway three two center cleared to land
runway three three left cleared to land
runway three three right cleared to land
runway three three center cleared to land
runway three four left cleared to land
runway three four right cleared to land
runway three four center cleared to land
runway three five left cleared to land
runway three five right cleared to land
runway three five center cleared to land
runway three six left cleared to land
runway three six right cleared to land
runway three six center cleared to land
zero one
zero two
zero three
zero four
zero five
zero six
zero seven
zero eight
zero nine
one zero
one one
one two
one three
one four
one five
one six
one seven
one eight
one nine
two zero
two one
two two
two three
two four
two five
two six
two seven
two eight
two nine
three zero
three one
three two
three three
three four
three five
three six
one left
one right
one center
two left
two right
two center
three left
three right
three center
four left
four right
four center
five left
five right
five center
six left
six right
six center
seven left
seven right
seven center
eight left
eight right
eight center
nine left
nine right
nine center
one one left
one one right
one one center
one two left
one two right
one two center
one three left
one three right
one three center
one four left
one four right
one four center
one five left
one five right
one five center
one six left
one six right
one six center
one seven left
one seven right
one seven center
one eight left
one eight right
one eight center
one nine left
one nine right
one nine center
two zero left
two zero right
two zero center
two one left
two one right
two one center
two two left
two two right
two two center
two three left
two three right
two three center
two four left
two four right
two four center
two five left
two five right
two five center
two six left
two six right
two six center
two seven left
two seven right
two seven center
two eight left
two eight right
two eight center
two nine left
two nine right
two nine center
three zero left
three zero right
three zero center
three one left
three one right
three one center
three two left
three two right
three two center
three three left
three three right
three three center
three four left
three four right
three four center
three five left
three five right
three five center
three six left
three six right
three six center
runway one
runway one left
runway one right
runway one center
runway two
runway two left
runway two right
runway two center
runway three
runway three left
runway three right
runway three center
runway four
runway four left
runway four right
runway four center
runway five
runway five left
runway five right
runway five center
runway six
runway six left
runway six right
runway six center
runway seven
runway seven left
runway seven right
runway seven center
runway eight
runway eight left
runway eight right
runway eight center
runway nine
runway nine left
runway nine right
runway nine center
runway ten
runway ten left
runway ten right
runway ten center
runway eleven
runway eleven left
runway eleven right
runway eleven center
runway twelve
runway twelve left
runway twelve right
runway twelve center
runway thirteen
runway thirteen left
runway thirteen right
runway thirteen center
runway fourteen
runway fourteen left
runway fourteen right
runway fourteen center
runway fifteen
runway fifteen left
runway fifteen right
runway fifteen center
runway sixteen
runway sixteen left
runway sixteen right
runway sixteen center
runway seventeen
runway seventeen left
runway seventeen right
runway seventeen center
runway eighteen
runway eighteen left
runway eighteen right
runway eighteen center
runway nineteen
runway nineteen left
runway nineteen right
runway nineteen center
runway twenty
runway twenty left
runway twenty right
runway twenty center
runway twenty one
runway twenty one left
runway twenty one right
runway twenty one center
runway twenty two
runway twenty two left
runway twenty two right
runway twenty two center
runway twenty three
runway twenty three left
runway twenty three right
runway twenty three center
runway twenty four
runway twenty four left
runway twenty four right
runway twenty four center
runway twenty five
runway twenty five left
runway twenty five right
runway twenty five center
runway twenty six
runway twenty six left
runway twenty six right
runway twenty six center
runway twenty seven
runway twenty seven left
runway twenty seven right
runway twenty seven center
runway twenty eight
runway twenty eight left
runway twenty eight right
runway twenty eight center
runway twenty nine
runway twenty nine left
runway twenty nine right
runway twenty nine center
runway thirty
runway thirty left
runway thirty right
runway thirty center
runway thirty one
runway thirty one left
runway thirty one right
runway thirty one center
runway thirty two
runway thirty two left
runway thirty two right
runway thirty two center
runway thirty three
runway thirty three left
runway thirty three right
runway thirty three center
runway thirty four
runway thirty four left
runway thirty four right
runway thirty four center
runway thirty five
runway thirty five left
runway thirty five right
runway thirty five center
runway thirty six
runway thirty six left
runway thirty six right
runway thirty six center
